Manually Flagged Errors in WMT09 Test Set
Charles University in Prague
Institute of Formal and Applied Linguistics (UFAL)
Ondrej Bojar, bojar@ufal.mff.cuni.cz
November 2009

Annotators: Ondřej Bojar, Ondřej Dušek, Jan Ehrenberger, Bartolomiej
Etenkowski, Petra Galuščáková, Viktor Charypar, David Kolovratník, Adam Liška,
Martin Majliš, David Mareček, Jan Mucha, Jakub Novotný, Michal Novák, Kamil
Ondrák, Martin Popel, Česlav Przywara, Michal Richter, Zuzana Vytisková

This dataset consists of manually flagged errors in outputs of 4 systems
participating WMT09 (http://www.statmt.org/wmt09) shared translation task from
English to Czech.

2*100 sentences were selected from the WMT09 test set. The 'second' set of
selected sentences deliberately coincides with the 100 sentences that were
post-edited and the edits judged for acceptability within WMT09 manual
evaluation campaign.

Each of the MT outputs was marked by one to three annotators. The task was to
flag each bad space-delimited token with one or more error tags. Additionally,
missing words could have been added (flagged as "missA::" for auxiliary words
and "missC::" for content words). More details on the annotation available from
Ondrej Bojar upon request.

Explanation of filename parts:

first, second	one of the two sections, 100 sentences each

*.src    	source English text of the 100 sentences
*.ref    	reference translation to Czech
*.hyp    	hypotheses from a system: cu-bojar, cu-tectomt, google, pctrans
*.sentids	mapping from line numbers in the set (numbered from 1) to
         	line IDs (i.e. numbers numbered from 0) in the WMT09 test set

*.annotated	merged annotations from all the annotators
*.canonic  	automatically moved all miss[AC] tokens before the sentence,
           	tokens are numbered as well

Both *.canonic and *.annotated share the same format. The tab-delimited columns
contain:

1. sentence ID (numbered from 0) in the WMT09 test set
2. system identifier
3. tokens flagged miss[AC]::
   Sometimes, the annotators also added these tokens in the middle of the
   sentence. The 'canonic' format ensures all these inserted tokens are moved
   to front. (The token number for miss[AC] tokens in 'canonic' format is
   the token after which the new word was inserted.)
4. the text of the hypothesis of the system, manually flagged

Note that there are more lines for a given <sentence ID, system identifier>,
each from a different annotator.


