user account
import contacts from file . . .
this feature is experimental and will most likely change during future development .
the lower part currently shows five entries ( explained from top to bottom ) :
rgb ( 32 - bit float / channel ) for high dynamic range imaging
jump to previous match
kgpg will now create a temporary archive file :
this can also be changed using the increase precision or decrease precision icons in the format toolbar .
path to certificates directory for ipsec
all documents are grouped into some categories , and the main advantage is that you can search for packages names or keywords . kile will then show only the results .
the old dcop interface is currently still usable for compatibility purposes , but will be removed at some future date .
filters
then , if you want to send an encrypted message to alex , you must encrypt the message with alex ' s public key .
vector sunset
use the arrow keys to move the bar left or right .
you can also replace the background with a program that updates the desktop dynamically .
if you think you have found a bug in atlantik , please report it .
using kfloppy
the application was asked to save its documents .
user log file could not be opened .
the delta ( ) function returns 1 if x equals y , otherwise returns 0 . y defaults to 0 .
kweather error
back print film
grep .
( latin 0 ) use us - ascii for output , iso - 8859 - 1 for input
border selection by
text styles
6 staples , parallel
with x symmetry
crossposting
if you have more than one active resource , when creating incidents you will either automatically use the default resource or be prompted to select the resource to use .
hawke ' s bay
ksim 2
in the " overview " you will find the most important information about the element .
remove the highlighted attachment from the email .
checks / unchecks checkbox or radiobutton widgets .
if ( ! brush - > canpaintfor ( info ) )
send the selected to - do or event to the attendees , and , if necessary , request a response from them .
select here the mode used by the camera to set exposure when the picture have been shot .
the file % 1 is not writable .
kuickshow . desktop :
to achieve this , regular expressions defines rules for expressing in details a generalization of a string to match . our example , which we might literally express like this : " a line starting with either " henrik " or " pernille " ( possibly following up to 4 blanks or tab characters ) followed by a whitespace followed by " sa " and then either " ys " or " id " " could be expressed with the following regular expression :
they are always within one degree of each other .
kde floppy formatter
enter model name
they are used as the basis to build both print filters and special printers .
the " open with . . ." dialog box lets you choose which program to use .
current colors
browsing " relay " configuration
when you continue merging ( f 7 key ) kdiff 3 ; will give you the choice to retry or skip the item that caused the problem .
africa / bujumbura
interrupt application
encrypt & sign file
primary
pevek
0 mm
you can select zero or more options from the " options " dialog .
tab size
profile % 1 not found
the requested filenames
organizer with a d - bus interface
alarm : % 1 % 2 before event starts
this requires that you supply a username and a password .
you can use this dialog box to choose a new font , a font style and size .
muaskar
kappname is a browser for data produced by profiling tools .
examples of this include i ' m searching for the word kde , but only at the beginning of the line , or i ' m searching for the word the , but it must stand on its own , or i ' m searching for files starting with the word test , followed by a number of digits , for example test 12 , test 107 and test 007
energy :
did you know that you can change the time stamp of the target images files in the batch - rename images plugin ?
letterboxed
the standard kde help menu items are as follows :
player & 1
start float
kde the application development framework
mbox : kmail ' s mail folders are represented by a single file each .
advanced features include automatic url and form completion , the ability to import bookmarks from other browsers and tabbed browsing .
there are two ways to create a new text style :
replace all matches
the horizontal and vertical line iterators do guarantee the location of the pixels they return .
buttongroup
transition behavior
quote - \ \ begin { quote }
saved entry in category % 1 .
clermont ferrand
icons only available when panel is big enough .
the computer should always be able to return the monitor to on or standby while in suspend mode .
ctrl z " edit " " undo "
enter the word :
ask
flood fill ( f )
edit standard footer
insert pattern
this is the bar of the backgammon board .
document variables
ktranslator dictionary plugin
the go game engine command with optional parameters
insert signature above quoted text
turn off computer
kdevelop autotools importer
palapeli saved game archive ( *. psga )
choose which items are present in the toolbar .
plum
stand on his head and dig left to release him .
yw rotation
invalid purpose
this option must be off during a merge .
only % 1 days left to % 2 birthday
group policy
unable to read socket
mouse button gesture
moves down the selected files in the list .
plain map
score - % 13
now that we have the time and location set , let us have a look around .
3 ) ensure that ports 5353 / udp and 5298 / tcp are open in your firewall
save settings on exit
csv export
could not open / download keyboard file ' % 1 '
print ( ( 20 - 5 ) * 2 / 30 ) + 1 the expressions inside parentheses will be calculated first . in this example , 20 - 5 will be calculated , then multiplied by 2 , divided by 30 , and then 1 is added ( giving 2 ) .
minimum value :
close a kstars window
( c ) 2006 - 2008 , will stephenson
discards current script and starts a new one .
running a graphical applications as root in general is not a good idea , but using kde su will always be your safest bet with it .
env comm 10
show the faq entry for a keyword
click and drag with the mouse to slew the skymap to a new position on
display the families of elements .
kreml version % 1
configuring synthesis plugins ( talkers )
to play this new course later , click the " add . . ." button to add the course to your list of courses .
the root lesson cannot be deleted .
[ check my calendar . . .]
" hotsync " : run all selected conduits , sync the databases with a modified flag set , updating the modified records only .
shows the contents of a patch file .
best available
add separator to toolbar ' % 1 '
now you can insert your data for the tag you have just inserted .
allows you to open kate with a specified session , or create a new one
" % 1 " with % 2 start failed !
how to obtain khangman
this item shows a dialog with the log of the last game .
1 s : the number of dices with 1 .
no permission to bind the resource .
webbrowsing with konqueror
change value
oxygen theme
policy
ctrl s " game " " save "
closes all branches in the file tree . see mainscreen .
2 - 4 - 6 - 8 - 10 - q - a - 3 - 5 - 7 - 9 - j - k
palm pilot
add file type for % 1
yuscarán
makassar
date received
72 mb
previous hole
" edit " " edit file type . . ."
the dpkg package manager or
new database
a digikam image plugin for fixing dots produced by hot / stuck / dead pixels from a ccd .
pgup
this should present you with a new shining kde desktop .
should a balloon be displayed when all queued transfers are completed .
default is off .
minimum time is % 1 seconds
a display on the right lists those commands already on the toolbar .
getting started - the appwizard
off course the command for speaking texts is dependent on which speech synthesizer you use .
this repeats the last find operation , if any , without calling the incremental search bar .
gaussian blur
send one or more of the open documents as email attachments .
rotate image clockwise
automatically finding feeds through konqueror
leave blank to disable printcap file generation .
are you sure you wish to delete :
import ipsec config : => appending % default section :
the appwizard did also take care of this .
dip brush
try adding ' - use - the - force - luke = noopc ' to the growisofs user parameters in the k 3 b settings .
video 4 linux 2 plugin
the playlist could not be read . error :
select a constant to change its value , remove it or duplicate it .
name your core
original file :
play sound effects during the game
center
could not load embedded object :
note : if you are not an experienced user , you should be careful when modifying the actions , and should limit your changes mainly to enabling / disabling actions , and changing triggers .
view all members of the named printer class ( supported by and useful only for cups )
the " find . .. " - command ( ctrl - f ) in the edit - menu opens a dialog that lets you specify the string to search for .
please move the file out of the way .
should the infrared remote control server start automatically when you begin kde ?
stockert
wbs definition dialog
an alternative method of using pap and chap with kppp
if you check " type accented letters " then you will have to type all accented vowels ( like ã ) .
the read flag allows viewing the content of the file .
ctrl 1
the invited person will not be able to connect using this invitation anymore .
> (> ) greater than
calculate expected , optimistic and pessimistic .
% dcop knewsticker knewsticker newssources
if signing , encryption , or verification mysteriously stop working , you might find out why by looking at the log .
display a message :
do nothing . game buttons will be available
notice : only notice and important messages are shown
traverse the history
to customize the set of tools available on the bar , choose the " settings " " configure toolbars . . ." menu item and read the configure toolbars detailed description .
the automanag tool is basically a graphical front end to maintain the contents of the makefile . am files located in each project directory .
select card frame color
opens the color edit dialog .
h
if you enable this option , you will see the original image .
create a new identity based on an existing one
insert here a string you want search for .
further notes
function to calculate the cosine of a given angle
mirrorsearch
dget ( a 1 : c 5 ; " salary " ; a 9 : a 11 )
normally , changes are not saved until you deselect the file you are editing .
you can manually pause the session using " training " " pause session " or the appropriate button in the toolbar .
see the povray output for details .
the port can usually just be left untouched , but if you know what you are doing replace it by another number , which has to be the same in both player games of course .
size slash
browse > >
konquest
select " view dvi " .
subscribe to
nio
lower - face up
if you are stuck , you can use the hint feature to find two tiles which may be removed .
the server does not seem to support unique message numbers , but this is a requirement for leaving messages on the server .
dial
can a non - floating event be changed to a floating event ?
always load the last opened collection on start
custom language
after having a file opened you probably want to read it and therefore navigate through it .
the " recent documents " menu lists the most recently edited documents and will automatically launch the application to edit or view this document .
kde _ icon = myapp
the pppd daemon died unexpectedly !
secondary dns server
additional information
in kcoloredit , you may open all of these palettes , as well as palettes in arbitrary files .
gui place :
found % 1 . do you want k 3 b to mount the data part or show all the tracks ?
pf - 20 paper feeders
also contrast with the meaning of isotope , in which the difference is the number of neutrons in the nucleus .
when you give a password it might not be verified .
find files
karnali
cisco - virtual switch controller ( vsc 3000 )
by default it is set to / dev / pilot which should be a symbolic link to the real port .
" tools " " gnupg log viewer "
virtual machine version 0 . 1
note that you do not have to specify the true hostname in order to send messages , but you do if you want to receive them .
you can put any card in a free slot .
the maximum size a chunk can be for rechecking during uploading .
terminal - based or script - based authentication .
your s / mime encryption certificate
run in the specified xwindow
choose the style or the pattern .
" layer " new object layer " report template "
choose the period of inactivity after which the display should enter " suspend " mode .
* recent colors *
hash algorithm ( % 1 ) : % 2
lnb % 1 settings
aperture : f / % 1
ask amazon for covers using this query :
definition of a text - editing plugin
tells parley that you did not know the answer and that the according grade must be lowered .
dvdnav
the newsreader faq : http : / / www . crosswinds . net / ~ cgarbers / faq / newsreaderfaq . htm
spell check result
closing the main window will keep kvpnc running in the system tray .
minimal intensity input .
no language chosen
image compression :
you can even select multiple words at the same time .
loading plug - ins
use udp ( nat - t )
qt provides single - source portability across ms windows , mac os x , linux , and all major commercial unix variants .
add new palette . . .
the user properties dialog has various tabs .
irrawaddy
when a chat is open ( default )
is black a human player ?
are there any other kde - related faqs ?
angular distance :
browsing www . konqueror . org
merriam - webster dictionary
knode supports you in many cases with hints and warnings : if you do not simply ignore them you will avoid many beginners ' mistakes ; but , do not exclusively depend on them either .
cancel pending or processing jobs .
name of the event % a
shift f 4 " view " " previous error "
select a region to inpaint to use this option .
resource configuration file in the $ kdehome / share / config / directory .
database project stored on a server
clears the list of recently used documents from the kde applications menu
priority
url to send to the http post request , e . g . ' post / login / login http / 1 . 1 ' .
use a graphical date picker to select a date
mouseless operation
python documentation
these files will be analyzed to display x . org log .
generating the full featured kde 4 framework application
this will cause its cover to show up in the now playing bar , and you can drag - and - drop the cover to the track you want to change exactly as you would for the cover manager .
default route backup process started .
initial text for the editor can be set in the text property .
- - with - gstreamer = check
krecipes could not open the database using the driver ' % 2 ' ( with username : "% 1 " ) .
shift + f 3 if you want to search backwards .
punk
you can use the - key as a shortcut .
colorcorrection
invalid time - - format is yyyy - mm - ddthh : mm : ss .
here you can enter the name of the location you are searching for .
reloading the page will discard these changes .
* . png * . jpeg * . jpg * . svg * . svgz
the entry box allows you to input your attempts to solve the current word puzzle .
danka provides hardware , software , service , maintenance , consumables and customized solutions for the products in its portfolio .
color 7 ( intense )
kdevduchainview
configuring wizard : the pilot info dialog
random cards
jamendo . com database update complete . added % 1 tracks on % 2 albums from % 3 artists
poster printing
imlog 10 ( string )
ctrl 2
a description string .
lithium
this selection will have kfloppy place the type of file system on the diskette which is most commonly used with linux , however seldomly on floppy disks . ( this is supported for linux and bsd . )
highlight keys on keyboard
this lets you specify windows in which klipper should not invoke " actions " . use xprop grep wm _ class
korganizer , main
the traditional open look window manager
read more about filter criteria and filter actions in the following subsections .
openoffice . org database
k 3 b data project
click and drag , and the edge of the window follows the mouse cursor , making the window bigger or smaller .
krita magick import filter
port blair
the currently selected table style is highlighted , and the name of the currently selected table style is listed in the text box labeled " name " . ( in this example , the currently selected table style is header 1 . )
andreas schlapbach schlpbch @ iam . unibe . ch
the new window manager will be used when kde is started the next time .
set primary key for field " % 1 "
this method accesses the server via a special protocol with a relatively weak authentication ( pserver stands for password authentication ) .
highscore
sets the fill threshold . it takes one argument : the threshold .
you can simply drag the toolbar by the handle on the left border of each toolbar , and drop it whenever you wish .
for security reasons , it is not recommended to store your password in the configuration file .
however , stars also show a great diversity in some properties .
to zoom out of the view by 10 % press the right mouse button while the mouse is inside the spectrum .
degrees rankine
when checked white space resulting from tab characters is ignored .
freehold
monarch env ( 3 7 / 8 x 7 1 / 2 in )
configuring the documents tab bar display
copyright issues
" yes "
the dropdown box above the color buttons provides you with several different blend effects .
fileexitaction
the next button to the left toggles the child window between minimized and restored .
how much information will the log contain
select " disconnected imap " when choosing your " account type " .
texture preview :
jpeglossless
this determines how the application name ( ie konqueror , kword , &etc; ) and the description ( ie web browser , word processor , &etc; ) are displayed on the kmenu .
here you have khangman with the desert theme , french language and category easy .
ifugao
connection established .
edit - > delete items
% 1 - hole % 2 ; by % 3
type the placeholders and separator text into the upper combo box .
do not reuse anything . ( for systems with low memory . )
circuit - horizontal resistor ( european )
width of a unit from tic to tic
burundi
copy
sending through sendmail . . .
recursive make - call failed
in this standard it is the date and time the file was changed .
opening a new document window . . .
common disposition types include " displayed " ( ie read ) , " deleted " and " dispatched " ( eg forwarded ) .
operation not possible
% 4 : use this if you have a high - speed internet connection and if the target mailbox size is not limited .
every samba user must have a corresponding unix user .
burlywood 1
see sidebar .
generate hyperlinks
dumbartonshire
use save / open to save your entries or use ipfilter plugin ( peerguardian ) .
reading archive end block failed .
e . g . for konqueror , to see profile data only for rendering a web page , you could decide to dump the data whenever you select the menu item view / reload .
chuvash
documentation copyright 2004 emiliano gulmini emi _ barbarossa @ yahoo . it
the value % 2 does not .
select the hue and saturation adjustments of the image .
header & footer . . .
default indi video port
goychay
pastes the text you selected with cut or copy to the kformula screen .
primary key
hold
a debugger to ( hopefully ) find all errors in the program and possibly some other diagnostic tools to get everything running smoothly .
search string ' % 1 ' not found .
horizontal symmetries
click ' back ' to import more emails or contacts
northwest
nickel
scroll lock
^ \ \ d { 4 , 5 } \ \ s
lathe
qstring version ( )
hungry
document to open
you can use the calendar conduit with any application that accepts a file in the icalendar format as a resource .
renders residues as ribbons
folders , harddisks , removable devices , system information and more . . .
kded favicon module
additional options in the dialog are :
( c ) 2003 cornelius schumacher
" view " " attachments "
using the structure view
by default , if any text in the document is selected , kword only checks the spelling of currently selected text .
remove view
indi _ robofocus
image size : % 1 x % 2
relay browser packets from one address / network to another .
check to use xml style single tags
the " view " section lets you control some aspects of kalarm ' s appearance :
service id :
neuter
documentation copyright by robert cimrman ; . updated and converted to docbook for kde 2 . 0 by lauri watts ; lauri . org ; . reviewed by philip rodrigues ; phil . org ;
construct a line perpendicular to this line
smooth scale
to italicize one word in a sentence , you can use the syntax : this is \\ emph { my } sentence .
sketch
flare glow radial 3
registration status : % 1
fall river
addlistitem ( qstring item , int index )
ctrl cursor keys
a style with this name already exists .
in the flavor group box , you can choose the flavor of the regular expression engine used .
documentation copyright 2004 anders lund ;
you can do this by left clicking on a kspread icon if there is one on your desktop or panel , or you can select " office " kspread from the k menu .
a subtask is any node in the wbs tree that has a task as its parent .
% 1 add - on installer
you can rename a contact using " edit " " rename contact " or with the same item on the metacontact context menu .
get example tags from this file :
hh
thorsten zachmann
opens the parent folder
there is currently no way to set server parameters on the desktop ; you need to use the mobilelink or agconnect application on the handheld device .
imtan ( " 1 . 2 " ) returns 2 . 57215
it has a menubar with all the common menus , and some more , and a toolbar providing access to commonly used commands .
if what you want to do is to run some scripts that would set some environment variables ( for example , to start gpg - agent , ssh - agent and others ) , you can put these scripts into $ kdehome / env / and make sure their names end in . sh . $ kdehome is usually a folder named . kde ( note the period at the beginning ) in your home folder .
resend
set as bookmark toolbar
if your country is selected , korganizer will recognize and display its important dates and holidays in the calendar view .
if you specify a name here , you can invoke the command from the view command lines with exttool - the _ name _ you _ specified _ here .
if a color ( eg heart ) is selected as ' trump ' all seven hearts as well as all four jacks count as trumps , making 11 trump cards .
belarusian
adding objects
embedded advanced text editor
if you select " application " or " window " switching policy , changing the keyboard layout will only affect the current application or window .
title
execute programs
property % 1 has a cardinality greater than 1 . should the value be set or added to the list ?
max :
the settings menu
debugging
shear algorithm
stored date : % 2
max log file size
you can even close the master document .
specify average bitrate :
eighth
sardinia
pneum - drain
monitor % 1
downloading events
to use this option use your mmb on the desktop , and then select " cascade windows " .
you can enable a second method of startup notification which is
mila
printcap
packedrgba
the number of messages that are shown when browsing history in the chat window
default plasma animator
copy to all tracks
filter by name :
chart editing tool
key group
13 mb upgrade
26 mb
valgrind from http : / / developer . kde . org / ~ sewardj / helps you to find memory management problems in your applications .
sabadell
kiten can also help you refine your searches by allowing you to search for new text in the results generated by a previous search .
items under general setup
toyohiro asukai ( toyohiro at ksmplus com )
the top section is a graphical plot of altitude angle on the vertical axis , and time on the horizontal axis .
this operation is currently not possible .
then choose the appropriate function from the " function : " combo box and press the " ok " button .
to stop one , do the same for the stop section .
another instance of % 1 is already running . do you really want to open another instance or continue work in the same instance ?
this makes the ecliptic a very useful line of reference to anyone attempting to locate the planets or the constellations of the zodiac , since they all literally " follow the sun " .
this motion is normal for these planets , however , and not considered retrograde motion .
display the project settings dialog .
this is extra information for the ld linker tool where it should look for additional libraries .
permission denied .
the i element suggests that text be rendered as italic text .
free space on destination directory : % 1
collapses innermost local level .
cursor in protected area
level % 1
no column number limit
to change a shortcut , select an action from the list , and then choose which keystroke to use .
" file " " chat with . . ."
empty trash bin
to create a new course , choose " game " " new " .
you can set its height and width using the " size " spin boxes .
cartersville
reset the property to its default value
much thanks to everyone who has spent the time to contribute !
there seems to be an error in the information entered ( % 1 ) , please try again
the upper window mirrors part of the project subdirectories , namely those which explicitly contain project files .
remove selected raw files from the list
you should only uncheck it if you want to define completely where each text frame should be positioned .
fly over the symbol to install it in your ship .
mirach ' s ghost ( galaxy not found : )
open the template for editing in kate
a minimalist window manager
information
the sender address is missing .
docbook generation complete . . .
keurocalc
in most cases form widgets should be conveniently arranged and aligned .
think carefully before disabling this .
use xev to find the code of the keys . in this case , they are 233 and 234
simply select the predefined string in the upper combo box .
the days 360 ( ) function returns the number of days from date 1 to date 2 using a 360 - day calendar in which all months are assumed to have 30 days .
" edit " " clean spaces "
lets you set the money you start each game with .
writing magic string failed .
mingachevir city
wordreference . com translation : spanish to english
% 1 : found folder % 2 , will set it as main groupware folder
the most important feature is that kpilot now supports debugging output .
select how functions are grouped into higher level cost items
first line indent
could not uninstall the script package " % 1 " since the script is not installed .
needs ' set default route ' enabled ( warning : only for experts ) .
hlchex
tabbed pages mode
also , please try to be as complete as possible in describing your problem .
z rotation
mbrola executable :
configure k 3 b settings
you can also remove programs from this list clicking on the remove button .
tool missing
displays your current nickname and allows you to change it .
update image date
download all messages now
these are used by the new kde configuration editor when available .
your answer was incorrect .
caught .
automatically detect handheld & & user name
here you can customize mouse click behavior when clicking on an inactive inner window ( ' inner ' means : not titlebar , not frame ) .
additional parameters :
hide - comments boolean y / n , yes / no , t / f , true / false , 1 / 0
expired
you can use ipa characters from the phonetic alphabet .
io , i / o , io - ports , i / o - ports , ports , io - range , i / o - range , system information
the possibilities range from a very simple coloring and lighting model , to one which has complex diffuse inter - reflection lighting .
this is controlled by " tools " view filter and allows you to choose which types of item are displayed in a folder .
moves cursor to last row .
the default font that gets used on the map .
adjust widgets size
although the user will not be able to make permanent changes to immutable configuration options , the user may still be presented with an user interface option to make such change .
scaling mode
sub - tree query
log file cannot be opened !
files and directories
then set the environment variable kdedir to the base of your kde tree , eg / usr / local / kde .
computes the net present value for a series of periodic cash flows with the
local sendmail
vayeshev
coupons per year
flip image complete
here ' s a screenshot of the " add printer wizard " ( this one is not very exciting yet ; but . . .)
invokes the kde help system with the cervisia documentation
checking " autostart only in kde " will autostart the program only if you start the kde desktop environment .
close tab
the units used and the current frame width are listed below the text box .
0 matching users found
\ \ caption { table title }
adding a level name and hint
replacing files . . .
free swap :
taskbar you can configure the taskbar here .
5
of january
lyx files
an in - place text editing box will appear in which the text can be edited as you wish .
alphabetical
please make sure you have write access to its parent folder or select another , valid , folder .
on a free slot you can put any card or sequence .
puerto maldonado
on the other hand , databases have been designed mainly with multiuser access in mind .
items are added to the listbox using the edit window .
audio delay for this file
pops up a dialog box that allows you to change the current documents dtd
* . cue * . cue cue files
127 . 0 . 0 . 1 - - [ 04 / aug / 2001 : 20 : 11 : 39 + 0100 ] " get / ppd / danka _ p 450 . ppd http / 1 . 1 " 200 51021
600 x 600 dpi , plain paper , normal quality
show selection toggle
see importing .
dynamic word wrap makes all the text in a view visible without the need for horizontal scrolling by rendering one actual line on more visual lines as needed .
ctrl a " edit " " select all messages "
always best
darkorange
returns true if any changes are done .
constructor
1394 , firewire , devices , viewer , control
size limit ( kb ) :
mâcon
use browsing
the contents of the header normally are the same for most pages , and changing the header on one page will change all other pages as well .
run kfmclient as user jim , and show the konqueror icon in the password dialog :
quota : % 1
if not supplied , then the standard data directories for this kde session will be searched instead .
merge . . .
xsldbg was compiled against libxml % 1 , libxslt % 2 and libexslt % 3
link view
temporary network - % 1
within other applications this widget type is sometimes called form control because it can perform previously defined action of controlling your database application ' s behavior .
mansfield
next >
matthias kretz
using kgraphviewer
matt newell
aborted
text fields
this application lacks flexibility .
rotates the tile viewing angle clockwise .
switch to displaying the current node in xml data . or change xml data used
" summary " - a short description of the package .
disabled palette
don ' t start torrents
mardin
in some situations an enemy can be killed without giving up the gold he is carrying .
default language :
hectometers
when necessary
send copy
repeats , one or more times
configures the mail conduit for kpilot
the group name for " group " authorization
plasmoid to show you the time in different parts of the world
zavhan
this may start to get annoying , especially if you are managing unsermake yourself .
color list
rename transfer
this allows further sessions to be appended to the cd later .
customize the behavior of ksysv
% 1 : unknown error % 2
if " do not loop " is selected then nothing will happen .
for more information on tab stops , see the section entitled using tab stops .
" tools " " pipe to terminal "
update telescope clock upon connection
result stack
accessing files is not supported with the protocol % 1 .
username and password required
boot manager :
archive , sign & encrypt folder
i / o port
suggests the horizontal alignment for the content of the division to center .
opens a window that lets you configure what happens when new mail arrives , like playing a sound .
the validators plugin is copyright © 2001 richard moore and andreas schlapbach rich . org ; schlpbch @ iam . unibe . ch
name of site
allows to pick shown characters for clipboard
you may want to reposition the script builder tool so that the sky map is visible .
weekdays only
the escape code does this .
configure vacation notifications to be sent :
if you want to download koffice from the internet , you will probably use ftp .
indi _ lx 200 classic - v
several cool ideas and bugreports came from colleagues and many people out in the wild wild web . thank you !
postcondition :
library does not depend on external symbols ( - no - undefined )
interpolate rgb as four colors . this blurs the image a little , but it eliminates false 2 x 2 mesh patterns
if checked , they are gathered in a " root " folder .
this will forward the message inline ( ie as if you selected " message " " forward " " inline . . ." ) to another email address .
yahoo chat : % 1
to delete a folder , click on the folder name once with the lmb and click " remove " .
thomas
it allows for easy management of documents and scripts on a http server , and has additional features designed to simplify version management amongst multiple authors .
answer response :
comment = a lock key ( e . g . , caps lock or num lock ) has changed its state and is now inactive
the control points attract each other up to a certain distance , and then begin to repel each other .
shrinks the video
the contents of the cell , if present , are highlighted with a different color .
the condition for all gestures are defined in this group .
this feature allows you to have the text formatted in a very simple way : the text will be wrapped , so that no lines exceed a maximum number of characters per line , unless there is a longer string of non - whitespace characters .
kill failed
if you concatenate a series of numbers separated by a colon ( eg 1111111 : 2222222 : 3333333 , kppp will try these numbers one after the other whenever it receives a busy signal .
select color used to draw the card
in the signal handlers tab you can define connections between the signals emitted by widgets and the slots in the form . ( these connections can also be made using the connection tool . )
const qstring & audiourl ,
this is enabled when " use interval fetching " is checked .
authorization method :
try menu item " create game " .
dispersion samples :
highlighting for makefiles , python
your creation will need to be in an empty folder , containing just the
getting ip address from interface
city filter :
type in a name for the template in the text box labeled " name " .
allow multiple dots in iso 9660 filenames
convert the selection to lowercase , or the character to the right of the cursor if no text is selected .
it is the safest option , but takes the longest time to complete , as it will merge all the records from the handheld and your desktop .
duplex mode
the dolphin places panel also contains your places list .
how do i get rid of the kde panel ? do i have to keep kicker running ?
barbados dollar
via -- config you can specify a different config file .
shift m " landscapes " " midnight "
there is a trick in how you dig the bricks next to the gold nuggets .
use realtime scheduling .
the first element is the dcop id of the host application .
i do not see some letters on the icons on the special " characters " toolbar . i see rectangles instead for some languages .
this will invalidate the schedule .
light terrain
use socket file instead of tcp / ip port :
mono
runs a program with elevated privileges .
scale an object over a point , by the ratio given by the length of a segment
cdwriter device . . .
panama city
search later
this template demonstrates how you create kde menus using xmlgui and how to use kconfig xt to change settings using the " settings " " configure " .
decrease the magnification of the document view .
a graphical ftp client
there are lot of different people meeting and talking in newsgroups ; it is seen as some kind of courtesy to obey some rules of manner , the basics of which are listed here .
last but not least : remember to make sure that your file is actually encoded in the same encoding you told inputenc !
what is kopete ?
get new
they are hotbeds of star formation , and contain many young stars in their disks .
in the setting dialog you have various options to set the modules behaviour during your chatsessions .
press a button on this remote control or select from the list .
add page
press the " ok " button when all details are correct , to add the alarm to the scheduled list .
search complete
select " file " " quit " from the menu bar .
the pen width value can be set here in case the original hp - gl file does not have it set .
to choose the course that you want to play , click its entry in the list box on the left of this page . " kappname " comes with many built - in courses that you can play .
" folder " " empty folder "
currency
here you can customize the duration of the system bell .
this filter reduces noise in the image by giving loose pixels a color close to the surrounding area .
with this arc
the names are designed to give descriptive names to each color .
% 1 meters
entering a correct password will allow you to modify the settings of this module .
the config file has not been uploaded to the cups server .
request directory ( requestroot )
ctrl 9
m _ dragstart + = trans ;
our servers via knewstuff , so that everyone can
for more information about this action , please refer to whatsnext - view .
click on the tab labeled " templates " .
possible placeholders are : % d for the day , % m for the month , % y for the two - digit year , % y for the four - digit year .
( c ) 2001 , javier campos
defer . . .
correctness :
i tweaked this to generate curvier lines , but still frames of it don ' t look like much .
private key file could not loaded !
in this section , we are going to test to see if other types of sounds are audible on your computer .
kate will search the script folders ( see above ) for *. js files .
do not display frame
brazil portuguese
recurrence
mark selected article as new
select this option to synchronize the file texts in your pc to palm doc databases in your handheld .
this will match the beginning of a line .
open this table
embedded vim component
bootoptions
reply :
latex + dvi ( embedded viewer )
ursa minor
would you recommend this program to a friend ?
% { s } or % { video _ size }
add
new filter % 1
3 des - md 5
reduce to 256 color
root midnight commander sessions
also note that you can use drag - and - drop to quickly apply covers to more than one track .
10 . 5 mb
compare case - sensitive ( true / false )
available networks :
suppress double spaces
save using another format
show reminders
pageup / pagedown moves cursor
quirino
500 - sheet paper feeder
tcl file
you can later reuse this information .
vara ( value ; value ; . .. )
samegame is a nice little program meant to amuse you for anywhere from 3 minutes to 6 days ( straight ) .
mailbox - option
invalid list member .
saved games include the current hole , names and colors of all players in game , and the scores of the players .
greek ' xenos ' for ' foreigner '
single - click to open files and folders
in the kdeedu module . then
menu translucency type :
marking color
please be aware that this could take an enormous amount of time , and will cause a lot of network traffic .
networking with windows
32 - bit
" view html " : views html created .
spacing between footer and body :
check this box to download a free / busy file in the format " user @ domain . ifb " ( for example joe @ company . com . ifb ) .
unsupported backend : % 1 .
you might use a non - printing layer to keep notes to yourself , or as a scrapbook to hold images you ' re not ready to use yet .
search plugins
the brightest stars shine almost 100 million times as brightly as the faintest stars .
links to websites ( using . desktop file )
it is also unrelated to gpg ' s auto - key - retrieve feature , where gpg will try to import unknown keys from a key server .
in this tutorial we will simply create it by hand .
konsole , console , terminal
closeable
all tags
hardware settings and startup and exit options .
values are onthespot , overthespot , offthespot and
no proxy server is set .
( status )
there , you can select one of the predefined configurations .
normal ( default )
default uses options from subtitles page in kplayer settings .
kaiman interface
this audio file is sounded whenever a regular text job is interrupted .
verifies that all the accelerators are used only once .
family name
you can often easily find where to place the \\ { @ } by doing a search on the search engine in question , and then analysing the url address .
if you are tidying up your bookmarks and have forgotten what a particular web page is , you can easily open it from within the " bookmark editor " by right clicking on the item and selecting " open in konqueror " from the pop up menu .
browse folders
for more information on the exact effect , see the documentation on that task .
operations are inline
message tag icon :
select service :
the default value of the option .
open the " set time " window ( ctrl s ), and set the date to the year 8000 ( currently , kstars cannot handle dates much more remote than this , but this date is sufficient for our purposes ) .
ugx
there is no folder ' % 1 ' to hold levels for the ' % 2 ' game .
isotopes
dessau
this version is by m .
found 1 problem
classes can relate ( be associated with ) to each other in different ways :
path to examples
sound properties
to simplify entering calculations from the keyboard kcalc has single key accelerators for most functions .
projection update chunk size :
a list of avaiblable documents , which are listed in ' texdoctk . dat ' , coming with texlive / tetex .
you will need to type quite a bit , but keep typing .
the loaded events are merged with existing events in the list .
see the manual : sftp .
displays are organized in worksheets that can be saved and loaded independently from each other .
% 1 is typing a message
add sametime contact
tula
quanta plus is not in any way affiliated with any commercial versions of quanta .
turkish data files : mehmet özel mehmet _ ozel 2003 @ hotmail . com
for example : if search string is " user " and replace string is the command " [$ user : uid $ ] ", kfr will substitute " user " with the uid of the user .
( you can also achieve this with " site users deleted " )
save current session ?
choose the storage format for the groupware folders
if this is unchecked , interval checking is disabled .
okular is currently generating bitmap fonts . . .
reverse also bits
pronoun
if this box is checked , the numbers of the desktops are shown in the main view of kpager .
( c ) 1998 - 2002 helge deller
error codes are modelled on excel .
ctrl t length " tall "
branch 3 . 5
detach view
you should search for foobar with your internet browser and copy / paste the exact url here .
to save a session , you must specify a name .
geographic location
please restart kanagram to activate the new font .
enable - l ( enable / disable breakpoint at specifed file , line number )
remote folder
with :
unchanged
this achieves two things : the text box containing the title is selected , and a menu pops up .
embedded : % 1
some of these features apply to kde as a whole and are controlled from kcontrolcenter .
allow ' $' in symbol names
copyright 2007 , 2008 michael pyne
this is a summary of the parameters from kaudiocreator you can use ( = button name in the wizard ) :
apply changes
xteevee simulates various television problems , including static , loss of vertical hold , and a test pattern .
open vocabulary documents in a flashcard quiz
in very active groupchats important messages can be singled out by excluding non - highlighted messages from notification .
this will create a new empty layer .
celesta
gpgconf terminated unexpectedly
neon green
click to fill a region .
for example , if elf object groups are selected , you see colored rectangles for each used elf object ( shared library or executable ) , sized according to the cost spent therein .
click this button to show the identifying number for each screen .
save : " file " " save " equivalent ; save current calendar .
keycode 234 = prev _ virtual _ screen
compute the cosine
only selected word types will be included in practice .
it has not been saved .
this provides a simple on - screen display .
displays the netbios log in the current tab .
find : " edit " " find " equivalent ; find data in current calendar .
multi - media
show grid instead of diagram
check query
not all the window decorations are able to comply with your custom set button order .
45
you can choose any name , as long as it does not already have a meaning .
radius 1 :
show print dialog
dkk
korganizer colors and fonts configuration
root items have depth 0 .
you will again see the mail merge main dialog box .
the euro ( ) function converts one euro to a given national currency in the european monetary union .
indi messages in status bar : when checked , kstars displays indi status messages in the kstars status bar .
192 mb - 224 mb ram
an autosaved file for an unnamed document exists in % 1 .
the color of the selected pieces
syslog only
boot catalog
regular expressions are often compared to wildcard matching in the shell - that is the capability to specify a number of files using the asterisk . you will most likely recognize wildcard matching from the following examples :
incompatible database driver ' s " % 1 " version : found version % 2 , expected version % 3 .
start transport from this point of the curve
assign to selected column
while this element is inherently presentational , it can be used structurally as a section divider .
select the file you want and kword will open the file .
someone started a conversation ( query ) with you
toggle showing selected items only
print % 1
floppy drive
run command
measuring cylinder
one day ago
hkp
input sources
iptc
a file named " % 1 " already exists . are you sure you want to overwrite it ?
duplex paper
page setup
system monitoring applet
run kugar shell to preview and print a report . for example , to do this , in c or c + + languages call :
everything in the file is case sensitive .
returns value of an environment ( shell ) variable .
they include the giant ellipticals ( ge ' e ) , intermediate - luminosity ellipticals ( e ' s ) , and compact ellipticals .
preliminaries
dvi file error
new stuff
profile " % 1 " : no network device defined , using " default " .
christian gebauer
kaffeine playlist
" what ' s this " help
d 65
" tools " " color picker "
- - icon icon
force
this option is available only if kdm was configure d with -- enable - kdm - xconsole .
issuer :
a list with this name already exists .
an " ui . h " file for this form already exists .
displays the output from an application started from within kdevelop .
show record button
as root you may need to " chmod ug + rw " tty * and pty * devices and / or add the user to the tty group using " usermod - g tty username "
double - clicking will recenter the display on the object and begin tracking it ( so that it will remain centered as time passes ) .
things to know about lectures
netscape plugin viewer
" settings " " science / engineering buttons "
( n ) = ( m ) [ keymap " name " ] [ forcepatch x ]
if you have a large project with a lot of documents , compiling the whole project is not a great idea , if you have made changes only in one single document . kile is able to compile and show a preview of the current subdocument .
andy polyakov
set user id as primary
ethiopic extended
you need kde 4 . 1 to build this template and it uses cmake . you can read more about it on http : / / techbase . kde . org / index . php ? title = development / tutorials / plasma / gettingstarted , all methods are explained here .
create a new profile based upon the selected profile
intersect this polygon with a line
empty uri .
click on the tape drive icon on the toolbar .
& 1 % 1 - > % 2 in order
invalid profile
eure
distance between image and thumbnails in pixels .
by entering a value here , additional spacing is added after each paragraph .
reply to sender :
here you can choose the type of message box ( " stop " , " warning " or " information " ) that will appear when an invalid value is entered , and define the message box title and message text .
two more examples : if both red and green are emitted at 100 percent and blue is not emitted , pure yellow is obtained .
changing module options
file closed .
the file % 1 could not be read .
forces the application to use a truecolor visual on an 8 - bit display .
set - remove - trailing - space boolean enable
network load applet for kicker
clicking the middle mouse button will toggle the auto zoom on / off .
channel - port aux basques
ctrlshift z edit " redo "
projectfile
the upper pane of this dialog page contains all printjob options as laid down in the printer ' s description file ( postscript printer description = = ' ppd ' )
icon list
general upload failure
also , the user can choose whether the file is to be added to the project .
store password in configuration file
expand the region closest to the cursor .
this will strike out the currently selected cells ' text if this is checked .
screenshot : used for screenshot images .
maxium rate of growth
notice
use this menu to see the recently launched processes .
check this if your isp uses dynamic ip address assignment .
no operation ( wml )
from contact :
to connect to the aol instant messaging network , you will need to use a screen name from aim , aol , or . mac .
summary of automanag containing an initial overall view of automanag ,
pad parenthesis
last month
" insert " " table . . ."
vector - based drawing program
apply choice to
whole number ( like 1 , 132 , 2344 )
track title
warning : too many libxslt parameters provided .
for display alarms :
if you don ' t want to upload the package , you can exit now by
device - > setdirty ( painter . dirtyrect ( ) ) ;
replace selection
the standard kde " help " entries are :
personal files
screenshot
minimal bitrate
evergreen terrace printing co . , springfield , somewhereusa , 1998
preloading
30 degrees
notes in local file
for example xterm : konsole .
to do so , choose " view " " show rulers " or press ctrl r .
the sun is drawn as a yellow dot in the center of the plot , and the orbits of the planets are drawn as ellipses with the correct shapes and orientations .
element % 1 can ' t be serialized because it appears outside the document element .
dump the gory details of this node
it needs an ir port .
where value is false if the word " false " is supplied or value is equal to zero
ump
remove selected item
railway
these persons will not be able to read the message .
directory to scan for extra bookmarks
use this text box to determine the starting page number .
kgame address
press mail . . . to email the current document .
automatic backup
this button will " reset " the module to the previous settings .
error : did not find a valid time string in :
spriteshow ( ss )
set all border lines .
large straight
could not find serial number of mtp device in hal .
insert the path to your project file here .
your names
site :
k 3 b uses dvd + rw - format to format dvd - rws and dvd + rws .
you may use k 3 bsetup 2 to solve this problem .
tag :
radial blur
family :
select the " age " check box
vorbis encoding quality or bitrate
clean print head
center first page
your telescope must be aligned for those operations to perform correctly .
if you are going to be using a picture as a wallpaper , you can skip this section of the dialog box .
uuencoded attachments are supported , but inline uuencoded files are not .
storage
as an example , if you import the standard text style from another kword file , kword will change the text style name to standard - 1 .
some distributions allow installation of mp 3 support via an online update tool ( e . g .
lightskyblue
field value is an item from a specified list .
entering a negative value in this spin box will create a hanging indention .
see http : / / www . kde - ev . org for information on the kde e . v .
mailbox 3
statuswidget
provinces
kenema
f 3 " scrollback " " find next "
dumfries
creates a new frame , and opens a dialog box listing each of the koffice applications .
these properties define geometrical , textual and any other parameters .
ksnake is a game of speed and agility . you are a hungry snake and are trying to eat all the apples in the room before getting out !
cups makes it really easy for manufacturers to start supporting linux and unix printing for their models at reasonably low cost .
latvian ( latvia )
in the " structure tree look & feel " it is possible to configure what kind of nodes are visible in the tree , how often is the tree updated while editing and on an update how deeply should be the structure tree automatically opened .
- - resetlayout
the changes you make here are only display options for the diagram .
( c ) 1997 - 2008 , kde pim developers
big drops
voice trigger . . .
outset
list configuration
k 3 b was unable to eject the source medium .
gy
the first screen you see contains just introductory text , explaining the things you read about in the first section of this chapter .
a geography learning program
auto correction is a system for correcting common typing errors , converting abbreviations to their full spelling and adjusting capitalization .
cores
asmara
currently , this choice correctly sets the " class " attribute of the events or to - dos to " public " , " private " or " confidential " .
@ parentpid
esc " view " " stop operation "
center windows , delay activating window buttons
this datasource type stores the data directly in the kword file
passwords can only be 8 characters long .
the preview of the target image .
africa / niamey
details - resource links
desktop applet
visited link color
tty _ level : is a valid level of input / output to use
options
edna
the signature is valid but the certificate ' s validity is unknown .
[ a - cx - z ] matches a set of characters , eg here the set consisting of a , b , c , x , y , z .
add annotations
umbrello uml modeller autonomous code generator
75 x 75 dpi
specified users
tar ( 1 ) , gzip ( 1 ) , bzip 2 ( 1 ) , zip ( 1 ) , rar ( 1 ) , lha ( 1 )
simple ruby script
talk daemon configuration
load recent strings files
kdebugdialog in full mode
disable opportunistic encryption
documentation plugin for djvu format
cost is the amount you paid for the asset .
cannot open the file quot % 1 quot for writing ; try again ?
denied users
you tried to divide by a non - number , '% 1 '
xsldbg callstack
these tooltips display information about the file represented by the icon .
save background image as
you will be presented with a dialog , that offers you all possibilities to configure kaddressbook .
executable file
édéa
do not use this for ftape .
moving the selected folders is not possible
if you change that to a folder on the imap account , the local folders will stay collapsed when kmail starts .
( c ) 2001 - 2003 jan schäfer janschaefer @ users . sourceforge . net
burns lake
unsupported cpufreq policy : % 1
imcosh ( " 1 + i " ) returns " 0 . 83373 + 0 . 988898 i "
server certificate
the " window layout " section lets you choose the layout of the main window .
if one of the programs is missing , kfloppy tries to work nevertheless . however the corresponding option will not be available .
edit filters . . .
it is simpler to submit new entries using http .
templates
ip address of default interface : "% 1 " .
no statement made
enter the python expression to be evaluated during a hotsync here .
%
this may be used as a safeguard against accidental acknowledgment of alarms .
check test runner
furthermore , the " x " and " y " labels indicate the current pointer position , with ( 0 , 0 ) being the top left corner of the canvas .
targets in project
development
change tooltip contents . . .
hello : : hello ( )
checking this item determines if the numbers will be displayed in color .
this is the character set used for english text .
inverse search between kile and kdvi
bojnoord
you can have multiple entries , to listen to more than one port or address , or to restrict access .
lost message
if the alarm is a recurring alarm and it was deferred after it was last displayed , the " deferred alarm " group box shows the time the alarm was deferred to . " change . . ." displays a dialog which allows you to change the deferred time or to cancel the deferral .
" big " vertical space - \ \ bigskip
the user settings will be restored at next kde startup and replace temporary the system gamma settings .
program copyright 2005 - 2006 gaël de chalendar kleag @ free . fr
please note that , while you need the kde 3 . 3 ( or newer ) libraries on your system , you can still use koffice in a different desktop environment ( for example , xfce or gnome ) .
the kde personal information management suite
if you have created an interesting macro , which you think might be useful for other people , please mail it to me at toscano . pino @ tiscali . it , so i can include it in the distribution ( if you do this , it will be licensed under the terms of kig ' s license , the gpl , so that other people can freely use and adapt it ) .
prism
first , you need to create a directory to store the translated files .
show menubar
configure key bindings
this simple setup assistant is able to set the permissions needed by k 3 b in order to burn cds and dvds .
it will spell out the name of the objects you drag and drop .
detect a keyword from a specified list .
logl
to add additional pages to a document select " page " " insert page " or click with the rmb on the page tab and select " insert page " from the context menu .
you can add your favorite objects to the observing list tool , which provides convenient access to common actions for a list of objects .
press ' next ' to start the restore
sort by :
you can connect by clicking the ' system options ' button below .
finally , select the direction of your shadow by selecting one of the eight red squares .
puigcerdà
if this option is selected , the spin box is enabled .
video / mpeg mpeg video files
no valid card
message background color ( name or hex 0 xrrggbb )
profile acls
original size -
kformula
okular xps plugin
webdav
you are about to change the design of table " % 1 " but following objects using this table are opened :
at any time while filling in this module , you can press the " test " button , and kde will report immediately with a message box to tell you if it could find and initialize socks or not .
indi _ v 4 l _ generic - v
kerfuffle _ libarchive
enter the password here for the user you specified above .
document current function
failed to read data .
not connected :
the name of the investigated option is tr - duplex ;
the sequence follows the order of articles in the article view .
kdevhtmlpreview
latest working folder : the folder used last time you used this plugin .
show task list
choose time from quarter hour intervals , or enter the desired time directly into the time fields .
it ' s up to you what you want ( or must ) use .
å ( å ) capital a , ring
waxing gibbous ( 75 % )
delete . . .
if that is not the case , you may want to have a look at the mail queue howto .
go to the first page of the document .
components info
optimized
echo abrakadabra sed ' s / a / o / g '
package archive
a suitable extension
this chapter gives real - life examples on how to use kchart in various situations as a standalone application . the purpose is to give you some understanding of the way kchart works and how various parts relate to each other .
indentation type :
alarm sub - repetition
the directory part of the current documents url or an empty string if the current document is unsaved .
model : % 2
the duration from early finish to late finish
konqueror is also started automatically when you left click on a desktop icon that represents a folder , such as a hard disk drive or the " trash " icon .
save error
set as background
the infrared remote control software is not currently running .
kodiak
edit selected string . . .
use gateway address ( % 1 ) for connection status check .
scheduled printing :
pneum - dist 42
close the dialog with " ok " .
if you choose flat , the toolbar will collapse into a tiny rectangle .
select folder
this is the " headline " for kdm ' s login window .
vilches , george
to accomplish this , kdevelop organizes software development tasks in projects .
package manager
tile selector
" account name : " office _ gwdata
erik sigra
problem reading file format
login failed / invalid auth token
if you are not using an embedded viewer , a new window will be open every time .
ldap sasl realm
ctrlalt s e " environment ( inside ) "
prompt
show log dialog for the given file
roxas city
create video cd with k 3 b . . .
name type allowable values
the first type , is called physical memory .
time
artur rataj
reduces the image size by ten percent .
kritaimage
color schemes are text files , with a . kcsrc extension , that contain entries for each window widget and its color , in rgb format .
display name of rss column
scaling mode
x session log
( emptyemail )
kdevpascalsupport / - contains the ui definition needed to develop pascal applications .
luxor
always show the encryption keys for approval
you can also fill the fields like the " meta items " .
once a sentence got spoken it will be appended to the history .
image printing options
failed to copy track to media device : % 1
% d . % m . % y
_ : ogg audio average bytes per second tag
activate this option if you want kppp to create a lockfile .
you are already downloading this torrent % 1 , the list of trackers of both torrents has been merged .
add existing files . . .
transport : sendmail
kcmkwincompositing
keyboard layout :
in this case one may select the application manually .
toplevel window mode
this is important because html messages might imitate the look of a signed and encrypted message , so you should be aware of the fact that you are reading a html message .
false ( )
adygeya
you can visualize the periodic table of the elements by groups , blocks , and families .
background , desktops , colors , colours , images , wallpapers , blending , balance , cache , multiple wallpapers , pixmap
" file " " save as . . ."
you can create as many signatures as you would like .
some filenames need to be shortened due to the % 1 char restriction of the joliet extensions .
scripts tree
pkcs 11 providers cant be empty !
ftp : / / username : password @ ftp . server . com / path /
file " link to location ( url ) . .. "
edit the current form ' s connections . . .
top
it may be possible to configure your usb daemon to set up the link automatically , so that / dev / pilot points to the right port no matter where you plug in your palm os device .
hiding windows
move to the left via a false brick - the second enemy should still be trapped below .
cisco - web browser
this view concept turned out to be of additional value , as it also provides a mechanism to impose different semantics on the same syntactical structure .
if you are using a user build of kde instead of a system build ( for which you must be root to install ) , you can use the script to install for you .
the authors of this software intend it to be used for the lawful exchange of data , art , software and other documents or works which may be lawfully distributed to third parties .
nicu ornamental ( svg )
opens the " save as dialog " box to let you save the background image file to your own computer .
check the " suggest automatic display " option if you want to suggest to the recipient the automatic ( inline ) display of this attachment .
galactic
this is the multiplication sign .
bookmarks allow you to easily jump to selected parts of the document , making browsing long documents easier .
all other languages data are put in the corresponding kde - l 10 n module .
before collecting the second gold piece , hang from the top pole in the center room of the bottom floor and dig one brick from the two - brick wall at the right .
{ ({ ) left curly brace
find pictures that have associated all these words :
system idle for at least % 1 minute , doing nothing now .
smooth factor not legal .
you can delete any element by selecting the option " delete " from its context menu .
constant bitrate
cd cz 2
pacific / ponape
applications
technical information
if enabled , trailing whitespace are removed whenever the cursor leaves a line .
groupware
( no location available )
original author and former maintainer
exporting to graphic formats : svg , png , jpg , krita , karbon 14 , gimp and more
creates a variable that is global to the window process and assigns the value to it . this value can be retrieved with global ( qstring variablename ) or set again .
mirror horizontally
lists all available import modules .
attack 3
recursive function not allowed .
spike growth
gadu contact
change the filename of the currently selected item .
( since kde 3 . 2 . 3 ) set this variable to spawn kio - slaves directly from the application process itself .
kdeprint has an " add printer wizard " to make rlpr usage even easier .
" tagger " menu
so you switch to your instant messaging client and / or irc client and look if that person is online via msn , jabber or irc .
next hotsync will copy handheld to pc .
certificate export failed
unknown station
a simple way to learn and study spanish verb forms .
modify resources
canton
it is often convenient to have one cell that spreads across two or more columns or down more than one row .
returns either ' true ' or ' false ' , depending on whether knewsticker has the endless scrolling option enabled .
then the automake manager asks which target to add the new file to .
right reverse
salto del guairá
select the " general " category on the left and choose the " blank worksheet " template .
we hope for the next konsolekalendar release to have a " free " event feature .
you are using a pre - processor to generate some of your source - code , such as qt ' s moc pre - compiler ,
fri
warning : if you have not yet applied any changes you may have made to the current scheme , those changes will be lost if you select another color scheme .
alarm text
a single character specified in a range
this is a kdevelop / quanta plus [ http : / / www . kdevelop . org , http : / / quanta . kdewebdev . org ] toolbar .
ssml
private dsa key :
" settings " toolbars " painting tools "
mines :
presentation event actions
using your own style for webpages
connecting
the server , while currently connected to the internet , may not be configured to allow requests .
to remove words from the completion list , select the word with the left mouse button from the list , then click this button .
purge completed to - dos
kivio is the koffice flowchart and diagram creation tool .
syncing your handheld data using conduits
this button deletes the selected ( or the current if there is no selection ) string from the list .
ignore changes due to tab expansion
circle fuzzy ( 17 )
astyle is a plugin for formatting of sourcecode according to a specified set of rules .
show date number
device notifier
abidjan
so in many cases , when the logical structure of some routine appears to be correct , you may want to test whether it still behaves correctly under more practical conditions .
the accounts " execute " tab
this is interesting mostly when working with source code , for example with c / c + + , perl , python &etc; , as well as with markup text like html , xml , css and so on .
communication error
workflow kate plugin
weekday
warning : caps lock on
use black point compensation
certificate imported from path .
reselects the previous unselected areas .
these must not be blocked by a firewall or router .
split vertical
journal print style
unable to physically delete % 1 file ( s ) . do you have permission to delete these files ?
the auto drop feature is disabled in this patience game .
niobium
the color indicates the level of your activity .
triggerevent ( ) is a d - bus call to trigger the immediate display or execution of the specified alarm ( regardless of what time it is scheduled for ) . kalarm retrieves the alarm from the calendar and then displays or executes it .
writing double layer dvd + r .
q - bert meets marble madness ! written by ed mackey .
lawrence
strikeout
expand all threads
casesensitive defines , whether the keywords are case sensitive or not .
another operation is still in progress .
default certificate
uttar dinajpur
" always sign " , " always encrypt "
rename menu
if you have an existing icq account and would like to change its password , you can use this button to enter a new password .
sepia tone
kword can create a . pdf file for you . for instructions see how do i create a . pdf file ?
error parsing calendar data .
use this if you eg want to run the actually installed program instead of the version located in the project directories .
ksnake copyright 2000 , michel filippi
kbabel gnu gettext export filter
syncing with % 1 .
use left next hop :
a screen ruler for the k desktop environment
b 4 iso
vpnc pid file found , killing process % 1
gnubg doubles the cube to % 1 .
cannot open % 1 : % 2
not all applications that you start will eventually show a window , or an entry in the taskbar .
normal
toggle split orientation :
meanwhile plugin : message from server
formaldehyde
theme for the logout dialog
toggle debug console
for more examples see the section that explains containers .
categories to merge :
italics
then select " defer to date / time " to enter the date and time when the message is to be redisplayed , or select " defer for time interval " to enter how long after now ( in hours and minutes ) the message should be redisplayed .
this class allows you to access the histogram of a paintlayer . example ( in ruby ) :
sizes as percentage %
abu dhabi city
image adjustment
run on
pauses or resumes the current game .
mimosa
sequence number :
logoarea
many " traditional " levels are impossible with " kgoldrunner " settings .
check to display the system tray icon whenever you start kde .
# ( not absolutely needed , default is " 2 "
this server does not support authentication
sonora
transparent konsole
close kstars window
collator
use the popup
should you run into any problems , please let us know .
supported file types :
select picture of the day source :
if you click into either window then you can use the cursor buttons left , right , up , down , page up , page down , home , end , ctrl - home , ctrl - end as you would in other programs .
nntp - posting - host
choose here the color of the event category selected using the combo box above .
game screen
tab and space markers :
castries
add user - id succeeded
initially ( if you run kdeprint for the first time ) , you may only find the kde special printers ( which save jobs to disk [ as postscript - or pdf - files ] , or deliver jobs via email ( as a pdf attachment ) .
the details of that transparency is configured in the next part of the dialog .
correctness
adding album cover to collection
microsoft media
# scheme set corresponds to ' value '
to hide one of them , go into the " settings " toolbars menu and uncheck its box .
all three boxes can be set to any value from 0 - 255 .
" view " " save view layout . . ."
kppp : rulefile does not contain a " name = . .. " line
the major one is that " full format " cannot be selected anymore .
creates a new layer .
no cdrdao driver found .
ctrl i " tools " " indent "
language
show a user list with unix login names , real names , and images in the greeter .
once you are sure that they are good and worth sharing , send the docrc file along with a description of any pertinent information on what documentation you used to the quanta plus repository for use by the quanta plus community .
siding spring
a background color changing script with dcop
enter the default time for events here . the default is used if you do not supply a start time .
start of a long break
selecting a color from an rgb space
kword can be modified in three separate ways :
metric
this notation is not known everywhere and can be disabled therefore .
ctrl z " edit " " undo "
setting default preferences
make install # usually as " root " .
when you resize your main window it is convenient , if the columns resize automatically , too .
any individual printer class on the server : eg / classes / all _ infotecs _ p 320 _ or _ p 450
run the program at slow speed
reached breakpoint
if you experience trouble with the cddb functionality try to starting kscd from the command line with the - d switch and observe the debug output .
the output , prefixed by a heading showing the time at which the command was scheduled to run , will be appended to any existing contents of the file .
dear sir or madam :
start filling a buffer .
almost all krita filters are suitable for use in adjustment layers - - even filters that would downgrade the image quality .
the game needs gnugo or a compatible go engine backend to work correctly .
a distribution list with the name % 1 already exists . please choose another name .
landscape mode
sign mail message
kivio image export filter
to run a scheduled task immediately , first select the task . then select " edit " " run now " .
however , it is always a good idea to open the album editor once to check whether you are happy not only with the artist and album name ( e . g . all words start with capital letters or not . . .) but to check if there are any unwanted comments .
active screen edge :
directory structure represents menu structure
system config printer kde
dns name :
closing other tabs will discard these changes .
you can try digging three bricks left and one centre to kill one of the enemies right at the start , but chances are he will fall into the pot hole on the right and you will have no chance of collecting the last lot of gold .
network - switch symbol
manage invitations
periodic
select dial - up mode
close the current document but leave kplato running .
the input will be encoded as a mono signal .
kcminit
hfsplus tools let you see the file and copy data from the hfs + partition , but not to copy data to it or change the filenames .
the perpendicular line through a given segment ' s mid point .
here you will find a full list of all the shortcuts .
if this environment variable is set , kde assumes all filenames are in utf - 8 encoding regardless of the current c locale .
centro
do you really want to rename " % 1 " to " % 2 " ?
kappfinder
starts a slideshow of the images in the folder .
to delete an exception , highlight it in the list and press " delete " .
show face :
encrypt messages
class .
this is the network device which should be used for the tunnel .
style variant :
could not uninstall this script .
this option is only available if archived alarms are currently being displayed .
tanzania
ss
edit ' % 1 '
so don ' t take the numbers for granted .
determine size and position
this service allows you to configure your default email client .
nunos user interface plugin
data mode :
sqlite is default kexi embedded sql engine
could not write : "% 1 " (% 2 ) !
the column is appended on the right .
simply select the cell ( s ) you want to protect , then :
openoffice document backend
select the type of your vpn :
set here the fractions of seconds for the date and time of image creation .
cannot set size limit .
clicking " cancel " , will cancel the start of a new game .
otherwise , for example , if the cups daemon is not running , try looking in your local file system , by default at / usr / share / doc / cups / or / usr / share / doc / cups / documentation . html .
byzantine musical symbols
tim beaulen
specialize on graphic inclusion for dvips
the % 1 command only accepts an answer as its parameter .
envelope
message was signed by % 2 ( key id : % 1 ) .
contains the current grade of this expression .
hue adjustment
sybase
time length of the file or stream
smssend is a program for sending sms through gateways on the web . it can be found on % 2
the farther around the circle the strength gauge has filled up , the stronger the putt will be .
( never trust )
rows :
matagami
it features some features not found in any other unix midi player , such as realtime graphics and karaoke text highlighting among others .
use it as a starting point to explore the program yourself if you feel the need for more than what is covered here .
the properties dialog lets you choose custom icons for the selected item , and change its name .
first name
localized name
agfa pan 400
brighttext
# / etc / hotplug / usb / consoleuserperms
jyväskylä
primary event type
select display type
trigonometric mode
ccd i
sometimes , % 1 will only give an estimated size here , because calculating the exact size would take too much time ; when this is the case , it will be made visible by adding " ( est . ) " to the size displayed .
void main ( ) { gl _ texcoord [ 0 ] = gl _ multitexcoord 0 ; gl _ position = ftransform ( ) ;
insert
animate : do some animation .
majuro
widgets allowing you to authenticate . when the " classic " authentication method is chosen , these are :
perhaps the disk is full , or you don ' t have write permission to the file .
display name
create or select implementation class
ndian
' % 2 ' message for % 1
nickname :
michael glauche
zonguldak
converts the clipboard text into url encoding , which is the correct way to include special characters and spaces into urls .
lavalleja
default is 2 tenths of seconds .
next the sidebar provides a list of all known devices on your computer .
organize or attend events using the group scheduling features .
at % 1
regular - er verb
the player is presented a rectangular tiled field surrounded by walls . two or more balls move about in the field and bounce off of the walls . the object of the game is to limit the size of room for the balls .
start and stop interface activities
rmb click on a file or folder in one of the archives , and select " restore . . ." .
kplayer will take the original video size and enlarge it in 50 % increments until it is at least this size .
skip incorrect borders
on some systems , pci - information can not yet be displayed .
the event name
turn off the following cpu ( s )
udp encapsulation port :
you might want to import it as it looked on you monitor .
all events except for all notifications will be erased .
xfce
if you have not checked the box for automatically querying freedb ( " cd configuration " page in the settings dialog ) , you can trigger this manually with the first button from the button bar .
the colorspaces have a lot of pixel operations you can make use of .
solid could not determine your connection status .
searches the " to " and " cc " header fields of the message ;
kdesvn - build ; logs the output of every command it runs .
do you really want to remove your default resource ( % 1 ) from the list ?
copy a history start line as used in your files ,
file transfer failed .
control device
ctrl p " location " " print . . ."
modprobe : can ' t locate module ppp - compress - 26
construct a circle tangent to this line
san fernando del valle de catamarca
man
if unsure , keep this option enabled as it makes your files more manageable .
disabling network devices
" file " import / export " import tasks from planner . . ."
ktouch lecture editor
qtdir ~ / kdesvn / build / qt - copy
total of % 1 entities found .
kcmclock
use only black pen
2 = slip
compress export file
number property .
creates a po template file from a docbook xml file .
gives you a list of your most recently used projects for quick access .
carinthia
total of % 1 xslt templates printed
waterville
the detailfooter element defines report sections that are printed after details of a given level and below on the report .
" tools " kommander " wizard "
go back to the previous slide in the slide show .
there is also a cool java applet of a similar concept .
dithering ppi
allow programs in desktop window
qstring whatsthis ( const qstring & ) const ;
cloudtemple @ mksat . net
imreal ( " 1 . 2 + 3 . 4 i " ) returns 1 . 2
load certifications ( may take a while )
on manual mail checks
wallpaper is also customizable , with options for tiling and stretching images .
how to add new classes
default log level :
the build tools
this option makes kdat try to disable the eject button on the tape drive after the tape has been mounted .
here is a screen shot of the key selection window
the operation could not be completed because the source and destination files are the same file .
on a free playing pile you can put any card or sequence .
power :
fetching address book
you decide !
_ : avi codec resolution framerate bitrate
remove table field " % 1 "
isaac clerencia
in the info boxes on top of the ktouch main window you see the current level on the left .
step three : select your default private key
are you sure that you want to delete the view % 1 ?
open bibitems item
setting widgets size and position by hand
edit level name & & hint
cron , such as vixie - cron . kcron uses the crontab command to modify user ' s scheduled tasks .
dcopref ( konsole - 7547 , konsole )
print report
ozzi
api
now it ' s almost as easy as switching to another virtual desktop .
" view " palettes
kuldiga
bruce schneier secure
cvs is not designed to provide meaningful revision control for binary files .
sufficient to choose the country you live in . for instance kde
the login window
select package
if the " collate " checkbox is disabled , the output order for multiple copies of a multi - page document will be " 1 - 1 - 1 - . .. , 2 - 2 - 2 - . .. , 3 - 3 - 3 - . .. " .
nizhny novgorod
disable proxy
to make these changes permanent , press " ok " .
of jumaada al - awal
the default image resolution .
url : none
all the words are nouns ( there are no verbs or adjectives , &etc; ) .
formatting dvd - rw in % 1 mode .
wall clock time and date
" none " : no one can shutdown the computer using kdm . you must be logged in , and execute a command .
" game " " print . . ."
shift page - up
standard deviation
month :
h : here - at the position in the text where the figure environment appear
set parameter . . .
xml feature plan
different exercises are provided for this purpose .
zoom . . .
circle 20
do not save the username in config nor kwallet
the value of the difference between the original and the blur image that is added back into the original .
select this conic arc
somebody who is new somewhere , in relationship to usenet : somebody who is new to the newsgroup , or new to usenet in general .
click the lmb somewhere in the image to see color information about that point in the " control box " .
for example to find either " john " or " harry " you would use an expression john harry .
define channelmap
when one of these options is checked , and the paragraph moves to the next frame in the frame set , a hard frame break will be inserted in front of the current paragraph or after the previous paragraph ( depending on the option selected ) .
when was this contact visible ?
when finished entering the information , click " ok " to apply the changes .
there are three programs kde needs that come with ht : / / dig : htdig , htsearch and htmerge .
psk is empty !
10 seconds backward
filter optimization
waiting % 1 seconds for connect . . .
changes in kpilotver
please note that some internet providers only allow retrieving news from their news server if you are connected to the internet through them .
hai duong
in that , click " new . . ." to launch the file template wizard .
smoke
spanish ( colombia )
check the spelling of a word
you pressed % 1 or an application has requested to change this setting .
the nickname % 1 is already in use . please enter an alternative nickname :
maardu
this is called the anchor and can be either c for center or one of n , ne , e , se , s , sw , w and nw which stand for the different edges / corners corresponding the directions on a topographical map .
select contact ' s public key
the preview area instantly updates to show the effect of your change .
would , for example , change into
% konsole - - icon
use the restore functionality with care , as you can lose all the new data entered on the handheld since the last backup .
on the playfield , detours are denoted by matching pairs of numbers - one where the beam went in , and the other where it came out .
especially , the programs writing the file systems do not return enough data , so that the progress bar will remain at 0 % .
create a new mixed mode cd project and add all given files
import eudora addressbook . . .
changes contrast level
stop playing
philadelphia
if you want to know facts about a precise element , click on it in the table and the information dialog will be displayed .
bilinear
your document could not be saved automatically .
new bottom view
use the aol proxy server for things that would normally need a direct connection , like file transfers .
the first few items in the popup menu have to do with the placement of the toolbar .
spider
set the selection for variable
could not fetch post out of the resultfrom the server .
the same options as for brush are available here , as are a couple of other options .
implicit plots , where the x and y coordinates are related by an expression .
film grain
click the time display to toggle between the possible main time display modes .
quiet ( must last more than s 12 / 50 seconds )
assorted - heart
login failed , but the groupwise server did not report an error
the main kde ftp server .
enter a string which will be matched against the regular expression
destination
sign and verify articles with pgp
kernel log
some carddecks or cardsets are marked as scalable graphics ( svg ) in the dialog .
the emboss filters
this will remove the rulers from the document area .
kbattleship uses an xml based communication protocol so you can write clients for every platform and in any language .
ms
always show background
telephone :
telescope functions : functions to control the telescope motion and status .
message text
[ desktop entry ]
hrs
this sets a restriction on the number articles which are requested from the server while downloading .
smoothness :
" project " open recent project
set font
deepskyblue 1
this way you can check out which file was opened most often , or which user opened the most files or whatever .
shn
if two resources have the same priority , the messages will be sent to the one most recently connected .
view milestone gantt chart
arendal
you can also determine the exact size of the frame by entering its " height : " and " width : " in the text boxes provided .
receive limit :
then select " web behaviour " from the icon list .
knode only supports the coloring of quotes if the quoting lines starts with special characters ; you can configure these characters at " settings " " configure knode . . ." " reading news " " viewer " .
foss project commit statistics
direct connect options
change line color
all these commands are invoked as subprocesses by kdevelop without any further command line options or environment variables .
lag
weekly to - dos and events will be omitted when making a print of the selected month .
it is not possible to bind to the prefix % 1
noguera
nick completion
create subcategory . . .
some editing tools to easily work on your program texts
1200 x 1200 dpi , high gloss photo paper , high quality
the order is the order in which the documents were opened , rather than a logical history .
petropavlovsk - kamchatskiy
gnu backgammon engine
move this server up
this is the size so that all sliders ( and other gui elements ) will fit into the window .
36 mb upgrade
primus hyadum
if there is not a bomb under the square , a number will appear .
" help " konqueror introduction
miscellaneous options
turquoise
complexity
stans
simply click on the icon of the desired file with the lmb and click " open this document " .
with the navigation panel
cups is proving the viability of ipp printing in all environments .
general information
use encryption
carsten pfeiffer
fill entire selection
bug fixes and testing on the way to kde 4
you can get some information by visiting the kde editorial team home page .
cuts the selection to the clipboard .
could not create folder : % 1
use paragraph indentation to position images .
code error . no db support has been included . exiting
cd & dvd burning setup
choose the ones you like .
to acquire a screenshot , press % 1 .
for imap , just open your folders in the folder tree in kmail ' s main window . kmail then connects to your server and displays the messages it finds .
this closes the window ( after a prompt for confirmation , if you selected " confirm acknowledgment " ).
so stay up there with him , repeatedly digging one hole and trapping him , until the second enemy gets back up the ladders and well clear of the concrete .
x coordinate
the main method is
% 1 has accepted the double . the game continues .
for example if you enter 12 and set the cell format to percent , the number will then be 1 , 200 % . switching back to generic cell format will bring it back to 12 .
time of user action causing termination
separate thread reporting
downloading data . . .
non - photorealistic
a powerful icccm - compliant multiple virtual desktop window manager
audacity
entering the code for the midpoint in the script object wizard .
push this button to configure the label .
internal
# component that konqueror should use . for instance , set it to
nis group
annotation .
this should allow you to fine tune your stylesheet until you have something that you can comfortably read .
that person can make comments about the text and the comment will appear right next to the text .
starts timing for selected task
khr
using the transparent color
uploading your images to flickr
eva mikulcikova
option to choose whether to use hardware compression and set image size and quality .
return new kismultiintegerfilterwidget ( parent , id ( ) . id ( ) . ascii ( ) , id ( ) . id ( ) . ascii ( ) , param ) ;
it allows a search term to be entered which will be searched for in the documentation .
to the format string specified , and that the conversions specified
error while adding account
bus
this model is based on the contribution of actual light wave lengths to the color .
if the chart type has no sub types , this step will be skipped automatically .
it is organised in a way allowing to easily browse the information , make changes or add new items .
portuguesa
4 mb flash memory
westbrook
needs root privileges
using mode config .
display daytop uploaders who belong to the group
radians ( 75 ) equals 1 . 308
this module allows you to change the various monitor and display settings .
" view " " coordinate system . . ."
website : http : / / www . koffice . org / kword /
morelia
indexed filters
kdevelop is available in binary form from many different linux distributions such as suse , redhat and others .
configure interface . . .
here you can define what you want to plot
unable to force the wallet closed . error code was % 1 .
creating
energy amount
connection failed
cadetblue 3
the already existing scan information data can be updated by enabling the update scan offsets option .
takoradi
spiral number :
page title :
you also see an image box , and a set of options along the right side of the window .
if you want to change the name of an existing diagram you can easily do this by selecting the rename option from its rmb menu in the tree view .
inner window , titlebar & & frame
prelight
connect signals / slots
are there any svn mirror sites for kde ?
the path to the kde and qt libraries is added to the ld _ library _ path variable automatically . this means that you do not need to edit libpath to include them .
step right , dig left and trap him again as he runs in after you .
if the kde install does not install these fonts in a directory that already exists ( eg / usr / share / fonts ) then you must add this directory to the configuration file / etc / fonts / local . conf .
* all files
device disconnected
try moving this file out of the way and then issuing the command kbuildsycoca 4 - - noincremental .
karlovy vary
klorenz
default d 65
jobs shown
enable this variable
mass of an atom , taken on a scale where the the mass of a carbon atom is 12 u .
after that , the correct answer is displayed .
always show the bookmarked line in addition to the line number
configuration xml file
invalid " % 1 " column definition
allen winter
see brush for a description of " opacity " and " mode " .
in this mode the area around the mouse is magnified to the right screen edge .
pgp version 2 . x
clear diagram
login terminal window
rosh hashana
ooty
leave the box unchecked to trigger the alarm at the first opportunity starting at the scheduled time , regardless of how late it is .
kivio identifies the stencil currently being edited by displaying eight green squares on the corners and edges of a square around the stencil .
configure toolbars
bool scheduleemail ( const qstring & fromid ,
you might want to check the the extensible markup language page at the world wide web consortium for further information .
the mangling algorithm is not standardized and differs even between different versions of the gnu c + + compiler .
memory usage profiles
create new repository ( cvs init )
waterloo
about editor component
read - write
hits : counts how many times a breakopint has been hit .
these editor interfaces are fully integrated in the kdevelop ide concept .
the last page provides the possibility to enter your own usage labels .
note that you should not drag and drop messages here to send them , use the " send " icon in the composer window instead .
synthesizer name : " epos tts synthesis system "
flatten path . . .
workman library , previous maintainer
scheduled alarm
single precision number
it takes two arguments : a list of x positions , and a list of y positions .
send http proxy auth password . . .
2001 , patrick dubroy
if you sometimes unindent blocks of indented code , this may be helpful .
the administrator does not allow sharing with nfs .
save configuration
cubic curve by nine points
tv tome
use this message when advertising :
the kcontrolcenter screen
you have unsaved changes , do you want to save the draft ?
view . selectionendline ; [ property : read only ]
operation will be aborted .
rotates the current layer .
this directory contains components , plugins , and other runtime loadable objects for use by kde 3 . x applications .
the markup was invalid
left of
some editors ( on some systems ) save carriage return ' \\ r ' and linefeed ' \
if you don ' t want this , you can disable " split screen view " in the " directory " - menu .
filter parameters
set keytab to ' name '
% 3
~ > export kdedirs = / usr / local / kde : / opt / kde 3
a blackbody refers to an opaque object that emits thermal radiation .
this method of authentication is only effective if it ' s hard for an imposter to guess what you ' re typing , but easy for your friend . the following is an example of what not to do :
the image to be pasted contains translucency which is not fully supported .
groupware - with - kontact ;
and start this new one ?
enter the name of the program .
plugin loader could not load the plugin :
you won .
click to add a new attendee
panel - and - desktop ; programs - and - documents ;
use this option to download a specific release of a module .
simple show
written by jonas munsin .
it takes one argument : a color .
available groups :
if you want both text and icons , the cascading menu allows you to select whether the text appears beside the icons or below them .
vfs options :
myr
enter the reason for the invitation , or leave blank for no reason :
the top combo box determines the layout of the variable . the choices are :
scale printout
the file will be deleted after the encryption is finished .
draw an ellipse
for more information on xml documents , processing and technology , please visit
show next image
show no grid
180 x 180 dpi
goy y
mails in box : % 1
ignore white space changes
the format of this file is described in kdmrc - xaccess .
samples
require authorization before someone can add you to their contact list
instead you should use kstars to configure and operate your astronomical instruments .
tagging and branching
lilo boot : linux single
@ global ( _ name )
vs .
add default
this button toggles between large and small states .
if you already have a working socks implementation , allowing you to use commandline clients ( for example , if lynx or ftp are already working ) then you can simply check the " enable socks support " checkbox .
the start of the port range . normally this is 5190 .
gnubg cannot move .
function : newhsvcolor
color ( high quality )
to insert the total number of pages , place the cursor where you want the variable and select " insert " variable page " number of pages " from the menubar .
all the arguments are case - sensitve . setfullscreen and setfullscreen are two different functions .
midlight - between button and light .
the appearance of the desktop results from the combination of its background colors and patterns , and optionally , wallpaper , which is based on the image from a graphic file .
error : no player to destroy
kplato main window
once you have a connection to the internet , you can surf with konqueror just as you can with any other browser .
user - configurable filters for substituting misspoken words , choosing speech synthesizers , and transforming xhmtl / xml documents .
sorting
after changing the file name you have to press " update " again .
second item .
furthermore you need to configure the kparts vim component in the " kde control center " ( " kde components " " vim component configuration " ) before you can use it .
ocr engine to use
former developer , oscar plugin
insert table row
khangman languages settings
make translucent
add existing files to ' % 1 '
lirc
no lesson selected
zodiac :
this folder contains all the files which you see on your desktop .
bell settings
flac and mpc support
when you uncover a square , a number appears : it indicates how many mines surround this square .
usage : / say - say text in this chat .
khaki
keyring conduit
kbytes
yogyakarta special region
import filters
unable to create temporary file .
error encountered while processing include ' % 1 ' line % 2 : % 3
load all bug details ( for current product )
start konsole in the background and bring to the front when the f 12 key is pressed
note that if the session is handled by the kde session manager , the filter is always restored .
kde will start ripping and encoding the files on the fly !
toa alta
tool - details ; tool - calculator ; tool - aavso ; tool - altvstime ; tool - whatsup ; tool - scriptbuilder ; tool - solarsys ; tool - jmoons ; tool - observinglist ; tool - fitsviewer ;
the new item should be in the toolbar .
if you choose automatically , then you can choose a refresh interval .
find some bugs or give some suggestions
can i save my kword document as a microsoft word file ?
scroll down
turin
second :
arrow left / down
eventname ( hidden )
the context output format adds several lines of context around the lines that differ .
unknown calendar format detected .
[ ] ( left and right square brackets )
you can view the differences between the version in your sandbox and the version in the main development branch ( also called head ) by choosing " view " " difference to repository ( head ) . .. " .
veraguas
consequently , the scheduler will apply a small scheduling penalty so that this process is mildly disfavored in scheduling decisions .
chemical energies
fill - in - the - blank
edit defaults . . .
select the angle of the rotation . . .
consider grouping your facts into things must be included , things that should be included and things that it would be nice to cover if you had plenty of time .
if you have played tetris , or one of its many clones , you will find kfouleggs easy to learn .
no such file
new entity attribute . . .
very large files ( udf )
then they can assign the sound named " hat " to the filename it / cappello . wav .
clone of
you can always refer to the preview section of the dialog for an example of how your list will look .
addparam " " ( must not contain double quotation marks in )
jump to next match
thumbnail dimensions
initially , after opening the table persons , the cursor is placed in the id column .
the " vendor " field is used for compatibility reasons only .
you can copy and paste these commands , or use them with eval in a script .
so the following new items are possible in the status column :
renaming object " % 1 " failed .
open the properties dialog for the selected item .
uwe koloska
only attributes explicitly listed in the " current attribute order " list are displayed at all . the rest is hidden by default .
could not start % 1 !
many of the objects only have a numeric catalog name ( for example , ngc 3077 ) , but some objects have a common name as well ( for example , whirlpool galaxy ) .
redeal
norfolk island
in that case you should choose " bytes in " .
telephones :
if alsa is selected , choose the pcm device here .
plugin to import and export eudora contacts
design and implementation
import / export filter developer
reload all tabs
combine four consecutive a 5 pages together on one a 4 page .
geometric - curved four point star
change object node name . . .
html tools
set here the magnification factor of the blue layer
shade window
standard tray
wildcards such as * and ? are allowed .
he then has to type in the letter in the box .
only on hover : underline when the mouse is moved over the link
track % 1 is already normalized .
roll % 1 of 3
smoothness :
there you can also set your workgroup name , but in most cases this is not required .
a tool which takes care of recompilations is make .
desktop tracking
kdevopenwith
list of all callees
% 1 resized succesfully
change the settings of the selected device
the signature file will be started as a program and the output will be used as a signature .
event summary :
this error may therefore point to a serious misconfiguration of the ghostview installation on your computer .
sighup
snake race is a game of speed and agility . you are a hungry snake and are trying to eat all the apples in the room before getting out !
mbox mail folder
directory
if you write a program you will often need containers and in some cases you need learn to create new commands .
as the label suggests , you can use this text box to specify the distance between the bottom edge of the main frame , and the top edge of the footnotes .
advanced options
show tips when creating objects
kcmtodosummary
change your account information
failed to save file
the printer for which jobs are requested
use konsole as terminal application
highlighting for scheme
this document does not cover a system installation .
vertical top same out
selects all widgets
this will move the cursor near the right margin of the header .
the chat update request is invalid
features for edit locking or copy locking of a spreadsheet ( or its part ) is equally easy to break .
group letter
history sort key order :
use alternative configuration file
comment
text quote :
rules of thirds
create a new dictionary from a file
skikda
the recurrence interval is shown first , followed by any sub - repetition interval set up using the " sub - repetition " button .
equation editor
greek and coptic
create a new mask or layer
fullscreen
left edge :
you can also move items around by clicking and dragging them with the left mouse button .
untrusted
r 55 : toxic to fauna
kendari
cryptography plugin
at the top of the first section , is a checkbox labeled " enable gui effects " .
note that you can also select the properties option from the context menu of the elements in the tree view .
unable to start process ( private key ) !
title and author
filter the list by province name
the spin box labeled " row : " , allows you to select any row within the table .
use default output
enter data sources for street , house _ number and city text fields in a similar way .
either you want to use a local cvs database or you use a database which is held on a remote server .
sanskrit
mari el
note : you will not be able to undelete the file .
this is useful , for example , if some or all modules in system settings are missing .
the icc profiles path seems to be invalid .
you ' ll not be able to use " default profile " options .
cannot defer past the alarm ' s next sub - repetition ( currently % 1 )
edit pattern
ask for action after dragging messages to another folder
sends a message .
by default , kword uses the standard tab function that you are familiar with when using a typewriter or most wordprocessing programs .
written by joe keane , fritz mueller , and jamie zawinski .
generates a shared library template including a test application in c .
nomad device could not be opened
this option does not wrap existing lines of text - use the apply static word wrap option in the tools menu for that purpose .
bracket highlight :
disable the " allow resizing " checkbox if you don ' t want the layer to be resized in order to give it a shadow .
libxslt parameters
see pending changes
you can choose any *. ttf file that covers them , but in this walkthrough we will use cyberbit .
remote gallery setting . . .
enter the number for how often the pattern should be inserted .
all the stencils will be shown with handles around them .
circle , square , crosshairs , bullseye .
the bookmarking dialog will open , enter a name for the bookmark along with an icon to represent the bookmark .
if you change the type for an entry , all the other entries in that row will be assigned the new type .
language
if checked , pieces are shown with an animation ( a small rebound effect ) , when they touch the bottom .
media device : initialized ipod mounted at % 1
open in new window
you can not remove the standard system wide schemes , ' current scheme ' and ' kde default ' .
ctrl s " edit " " save position "
usb port : a newer style of connection , used by most newer palms , handsprings , and sony clies .
changing the orientation between portrait and landscape does not change the orientation of the scanned text or image .
guyana
player % 1 won
change label font
adobe photoshop image
this function takes four arguments : x , y , width of the rectangle , height of the rectangle .
dolbeau
shifttab
number of away messages to remember :
c 0
jigsaw - part _ ioio
there is even more .
a value of type % 1 cannot have an effective boolean value .
special application settings . . .
tajik data files : roger kovacs rkovacs @ khujand . org
if kalarm ' s run mode is " continuous " and you have selected " disable alarms while not running " in the preferences dialog , quit kalarm .
nocurlcorrectiononcurrent
circular waves 1
the concatenate ( ) function returns a string which is the concatenation of the strings passed as parameters .
upload not possible
kapptemplate second page
number of success in the sample
unable to save file .
for example : 8 % interest compounded monthly provides an effective yield of effect ( . 08 ; 12 ) or 8 . 3 % .
this item can be toggled . if enabled , formatting characters are visible ; if disabled , they are not .
server list
ship upgrades
resources belong to resource groups , select the group first to add a new resource to
preview size
displays or hides the " file " toolbar .
stopping the alarm daemon
kdevjavadebugger
select this option if you want the taskbar to display only minimized windows .
you cannot delete the only sheet .
rename audio files
fill in the " to : " field with your email address and type something in the " subject " field .
the input codec transforms the input text data into an universal internal format
ebro
creates a new emovix project
type some text and end the paragraph by pressing the enter or return key .
select the area you want to make a new picture with . krita makes the outside area grey .
when persistent selection is enabled , typing characters or moving the cursor will not cause the selection to become deselected .
the changes can take effect .
error loading " % 1 " : could not find parent ( uid = % 2 )
download checked
salyan
personalize the toolbars for kmplot .
more general words
move up the currently highlighted task .
if you would prefer to select with a single click , and activate with a double click , check this option .
all recipes up unto this point have been successfully imported .
using overwrite selection
seine - maritime
if you have grabbed the two parallel lines successfully your mouse pointer will turn into two crossed arrows as you drag .
kde web desktop
use the verb selection instead of all verbs
you are then able to rename the page .
sort albums in tree - view .
add the selected file types to
maha sarakham
this helps us know for sure if our solution worked , and helps other users who may be searching mailing list archives for a solution to the problem themselves .
antproject
these are : authors , changelog , install , copying ( which contains the gnu general public license ) , install , news , readme , and todo .
kile is not configured correctly .
verb :
goldenrod 2
you have an unlimited amount of ammunition , so shoot away .
enter object node name
the preview image size .
sound
corrected error in sector % 1
how do i take window or desktop screenshots ?
update subdirectories too
save user defaults
cause data loss
riviere - du - loup
# first page
see the gnu general public license for more details .
floating point value
i 586
" tools " " find minimum . . ."
the main window
note : captions from currently selected images will be permanently replaced .
konqueror offers some features to enhance your browsing experience .
selecting get new widgets will show a window that allows you to download new widgets directly from the internet , while install from file allows you to add new widgets from files you have on disk .
the account name of the yahoo account you would like to add .
named color
long middle short cone space ( 32 - bit float / channel )
no reason
if you want to override the font of the training lecture check this box and set your own font .
the " otr " plugin allows you to encrypt conversations using the off - the - record encryption method .
the precommand exited with code % 1 .
this dialog provides you with notification and details of scripting errors that occur on web pages .
disk
a color scheme with that name already exists .
bgn
attachment for kmail composer
the pid of the process .
php options
ctrlshift r
pal - m
cn
adamstown
it is limited only by your imagination ( or alphabet ) .
phone call
screenshot showing use of the kprinter command from the command line .
this is the actual file sharing tool for which kmldonkey acts as a frontend .
configure
communication
the entry has folder completion .
document abstract
use user - defined stylesheet
the / home / peter / documents entry in the bread crumb view would become ' home > peter > documents ' with home , peter , and documents being clickable links which are able go to there respective locations .
kermanshah
location of provinces or territories : you are first asked how many questions you want
any text from any other frames will be deleted .
select components
an application :
cups
a one man show so far ! nope @ no . mail
the toolbars are also organized into groups .
if you click on the borders on the top or bottom of the window , you can adjust the height on its own .
problem when loading from local filesystem .
how do i start a new game ?
with the " load template " button you can use an existing template for your event .
error during smtp transfer .
looking up
opens the " filters gallery " dialog .
open diff . . .
up
this means that if you are in one of your work folders , you can make kmail use the corresponding sender email address , signature and signing or encryption keys automatically .
launch kaddressbook
element symbol
wrote integrated - messaging .
kde applications are intended to be as useful and usable as possible " out of the box " , but they also offer a wide range of options which you can change to make kde work for you .
ready to fight !
sagarmatha
if the access method to the repository you just entered is password authentication ( pserver ) , you will need to login before connecting the server .
once you ' ve entered your im details , you can proceed to the " finished ! " page and then dismiss the wizard and the configure window .
xflame
resource configuration
on this page , you can configure which fonts konqueror should use to display the web pages you view .
entities
bmd
enter the start time for alarms based on this template .
left ( 90 degrees )
conflict resolution
select database server ' s connection you wish to use to create a new kexi project .
start / end an angular distance measurement at the current mouse cursor position .
once an editable document file is selected , the upper part of the " tools " menu will provide advanced editing commands specific to the editor part in use .
in the " time " group box , select either
opens the online help
angelo naselli
data image settings
as you re - size frames , the text is reworked to fit within these frames .
this is useful when the file - copy operation didn ' t preserve the modification date .
toggles a line breakpoint at the line of the cursor in the current line
hero
where n is the channel which is mapped to the m channel .
the dublin core terms
635442 k
bad signature from : % 1
the name of the author as specified in the document information box .
generate html - help
in short , a colorspace is a way to represent colors by specifying a number of parameters .
kdevvalgrind
documentation viewer
keep selected
the selected text in the current document , or an empty string if no text is selected
selecting this option will allow you to insert common phrases .
page look
the file % 1 could not be read .
show volume toolbar command shows or hides the volume toolbar .
use a line to separate the footer from the text body
gui
just add up the numbers of the kind of messages you want .
verify integrity
category for virtual albums :
if this option is checked , kdm will automatically complete user names while they are typed in the line edit .
no wdelay
72 points
cardiff
answer :
if a . desktop file can not be found the script will be registered in katepart ' s command line with the filename without the ending . js , so in our example this would be uppercase .
tunis
fars
can not write file using that protocol
since the dialog page looks the same as the one before there is no picture .
" sessions " " save as default . . ."
canceled
the type of the filechooser is set with the selectiontype property .
if you want to abandon your changes , click " cancel " to abort the changes .
unzip txt 2 pho to / usr / local / txt 2 pho .
display labels for each of the sound devices .
translate lf to dos crlf
- using a mixture of upper - and lower - case letters ;
tty
you can immediately add the title .
invalid photo tag subject .
request canceled .
use custom color for account
display crosshair
goheung
plasmoid contacts :
if you have no rights to write that file , you may need to do it as root or contact your system administrator .
see the filters chapter for more information on filters .
icon draw grid
save profile
the " plugins " page
clicking the left mouse button now will select the nearest frame .
( kde 3 . 2 ) - defines the preference - ordered set of base directories to search for configuration files in addition to the $ xdg _ config _ home base directory .
writing data project
hammond organ
text position :
someone typed a message .
square ( 5 x 5 )
lightgoldenrod
opens the dialog box for subscribing to newsgroups for the active account .
all the selected widgets ' top positions will be moved to the position of the uppermost widget ' s upper edge .
very advanced
m = ( a . coordinate ( ) + b . coordinate ( ) ) / 2 ;
it is recommended to compile it with the installation prefix to be your system wide kde base folder like configure - - prefix = / opt / kde 3 ; make install .
an action may only occur once in a given menu .
no rewritable dvd media found . unable to format .
but it is possible to keep the local folders collapsed .
information about image size
creation of placemark ' % 1 '
bluetooth management using the bluez stack
select " tools " change browser identification to get a menu that allows you to change the user agent string without going through the " settings " dialog procedure .
detailed settings
" edit " " run now "
palmer
almanac for % 1
stephan zehetner
this could vary widely , depending on the distribution and operating system you have .
moves cursor to new row and allows inserting .
equatorial / galactic
a list of slots for the receiver .
please report bugs to % 2 .
choses best network and connect to it seemlessly
low saxon
welcome to k 3 b - the cd and dvd kreator
this preparation method already exists .
set style
index
negative set of characters
show number remaining
beep on error
draw borders
this menu references the bookmarks .
runs qmake from the selected subproject directory .
you can drag the portions of the screen not visible into the visable area by holding down the alt key and dragging with the mouse anywhere within the screen .
query design is now ready for testing .
" vocabulary " " assign lessons . . ."
kipi jpeg lossless plugin
for example , if you assigned " delete row " action , clicking the button , the current database row will be deleted , similarly to executing ctrl delete " edit " " delete row " menu command ( depending on your settings you may be asked to confirm the removal ) .
have you noticed the two little red crosses at the top - right corner ?
stop timing and revert back to the time at % 1 .
it is updated with each change , and should be used as a guide for your changes .
unable to update addressbook data :
- dautofiltergrayimages = false
delete the current page .
the file extensions entry will automatically be edited as well .
no new articles could be retrieved for
dissociate future occurrences
betadist ( 0 . 2859 ; 0 . 2606 ; 0 . 8105 ; 0 . 2 ; 0 . 9 ) equals 0 . 537856
there are 4 methods to demosaicing raw images :
enter the name of the new activity :
merge strategy :
alternatively use the buttons on the format toolbar .
queue length
back / track done
closing " phrase book " window
