resumption of the session
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 21 september 2000 .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
the minutes of the sitting on thursday , 21 september have been distributed .
are there any comments ?
madam president , i shall keep to the subject of the minutes .
for some strange reason , my name is missing from the register of attendance .
i would ask you to correct this and would at the same time take the opportunity to point out that it has been possible today to come here to strasbourg from finland in just nine hours .
that is almost a personal record for me this autumn !
yes indeed , mrs thors , we shall amend the minutes accordingly .
( the minutes were approved )
presidency communication on the situation in the middle east
ladies and gentlemen , in the last few days , as you know , jerusalem , other towns and the palestinian territories have been thrown into a state of unrest , and there have already been many victims .
earlier today , helicopters bombed targets in gaza , thereby making the situation worse .
i should like , on behalf of the european parliament , to express my deepest outrage at this new outbreak of violence , and to express our heartfelt sympathy with the families of the victims in their sorrow and suffering .
at a time when the peace process is at a crucial stage , making real but precarious progress , ariel sharon ' s visit to the dome of the rock cannot be seen as anything other than provocation .
as this sad state of affairs shows , the status of jerusalem is one of the keys to peace in the middle east .
the city bears the weight of powerful symbols for all three monotheistic religions .
attacking such symbolism is tantamount to rejecting the will for peace and hindering the search for a solution that is acceptable to all parties .
we do , however , know that , on both sides , there are men of peace who wish to forge ahead .
the joint visit by mr ahmed qurie and mr avraham burg , speaker of the palestinian legislative council and speaker of the knesset respectively , in this house during our september part-session proved this once again .
on the matter of jerusalem , they displayed an open-mindedness and a willingness to listen that gave us hope .
as this part-session of the european parliament opens , i call on the international community to do all it can to piece together the threads of dialogue as soon as possible .
the european union has reacted already .
i would like to see it increasing its efforts , and the european parliament will play a full role in this .
i would ask you to observe a minute ' s silence .
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
madam president , on behalf of the socialist group , i would first of all like to support your words and express our complete agreement with them .
please allow me to propose , on behalf of my group , that this very important issue , which involves the responsibilities of the european union , as you have correctly pointed out , be included in the debate which we are going to hold tomorrow in connection with the biarritz summit .
the situation in the middle east will clearly be one of the issues dealt with at this summit , even though it is informal .
i would also like to stress , as you have rightly pointed out , that there has been unacceptable provocation by a leader of the israeli extreme right known for his extremist activities in the past .
i also believe that we must address our israeli friends in the frankest possible terms and tell them that a democratic and legitimate government , such as theirs , cannot use gunfire and tanks to fight children and youths throwing stones .
this is absolutely disproportionate and in no way helps the peace process .
madam president , i believe that , after the visit - on your invitation - of the presidents of the israeli and palestinian assemblies last month , we have sufficient moral legitimacy to address our partners in the middle east in the strongest terms , while offering them our services .
madam president , i sent you a letter on behalf of my group requesting an amendment to the agenda on the issue which you have just addressed in a most dignified way .
since mr barón crespo has raised the subject , let me make my point on the matter immediately .
in my opinion , since parliament issued a very timely joint invitation to the speakers of the knesset and the palestinian legislative council a month ago , specifically in order to indicate its willingness to become involved in promoting the peace process , we cannot , as members of this parliament , remain silent today .
in words with which i identify completely , you described the tragic situation developing right now in palestine and in israel .
i fully understand that , tomorrow , mr prodi , the council , and ourselves , or some of us , will be speaking in the general debate .
we cannot , however , possibly limit ourselves to dealing with this tragic matter alongside a number of other very important matters , thus making it possible for a first person to discuss the charter , the next to discuss the french presidency and the biarritz summit , a third to bring up the danish ' no ' vote in the referendum on emu , and only then have a fourth , on the subject of the middle east .
this would not do justice to the matter .
my group and i therefore suggest that , tomorrow if possible , or another day if necessary , we look into finding a way to devote an hour to this extremely important subject , and to adopt a resolution .
it this were to prove impossible , i suggest that we should at least have a question on the subject in our topical and urgent debate .
in any event , i would expressly ask that we make it impossible for anyone at the end of this part-session to claim that parliament as such did not follow up your splendid statement and declare itself in favour of a return to peace in israel and in the middle east .
ladies and gentlemen , if you agree , i shall introduce a sort of procedural motion .
we have not yet moved on to the discussion of the agenda .
i did receive the request you sent me .
i suggest discussing whether or not we should enter this subject on the order of business for tuesday when we move on to the agenda .
in the meantime , i have to deal with a series of procedural motions , which we shall finish first .
i have a few statements to make to you , after which we shall discuss the agenda .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the events in the middle east are a real tragedy .
i am very grateful to you for raising this subject .
my group fully supports the substance of what you have said .
as to how we should deal with this serious matter here in this chamber , i think it would be appropriate if the problems in the middle east were to be raised tomorrow in the debate with the president-in-office of the council and the president of the commission , either by individual members or by political group chairmen or whoever speaks on behalf of the groups .
i do not think that we can change the whole agenda , as we have a great many topics to consider this week .
i also have last thursday 's events in belgrade in mind , and would like to suggest that we should include the middle east peace process in tomorrow 's debate on the biarritz summit .
that seems to be a very appropriate way of dealing with this problem .
madam president , my group is also , naturally , extremely shocked by the events that took place over the weekend in the middle east .
of all the proposals that have been made , i would like to offer my support primarily for that of my colleague , mr wurtz , to find a suitable point in time when we can ask the council - and possibly also the commission - to propose a resolution .
it would also suit our group if parliament were to make its own statement regarding this issue .
everyone has certainly tried in all manner of ways to highlight the importance of this question ; nevertheless , i think his proposal is this time the most valuable and the most appropriate one in this situation .
thank you , mrs hautala , but , as i explained to mr wurtz , you are anticipating our discussion on the agenda somewhat .
madam president , on a point of order .
your words echoed the sentiments of everyone in the house and certainly of my group .
it is important that we discuss the issue and that it should be treated as an issue in its own right and not as part of a longer list of issues , where we are trying to deal with so many points before biarritz .
if we could in some way find a way of looking at this item separately , my group would greatly appreciate that .
madam president , on 21 september last , a farmer of the town of de panne , which is belgium ' s westernmost point near the french border , came across 45 refugees on his land one evening , 15 of whom were children .
these people were received and cared for by that town , but quite remarkably , they claimed to have been dropped across the border by the french police .
the police had picked them up in calais , taken them from calais to the belgian border and had no qualms about subsequently dropping them off in belgium .
a very strange business , all the more so because , according to other witness statements , it appears that this is not the first time this has happened .
fortunately , this incident has been settled at the highest level between the french and belgian authorities , and it appears that they found a way of discussing it .
however , to my great surprise , i was informed by a belgian that it is not just the french who get up to these tricks , but also the dutch and germans .
when i asked him if the belgians do the same thing , he confirmed this and said , now and again .
this leads me to conclude that everyone still has the standard european reflex , namely to pass on their problems to their neighbours .
in my opinion , it is high time that we , as european legislator and as european parliament , at least pressed for a european reflex .
just as europe did too little during the oil crisis , it is also making its presence felt insufficiently with regard to this disturbing problem .
thank you , mr sterckx , we take note of your statement .
madam president , i wish to speak on a completely different subject , but as this parliament knows , the convention entrusted with the task of drafting the charter of fundamental rights of the european union has just completed its work , and this is cause for satisfaction .
yet , while our own institution has done so much to ensure the successful completion of the work of the convention , particularly by , on many occasions , making its premises available to the convention , i am sorry that today , as our plenary part-session in strasbourg is opening , it was not possible to organise the formal hand over of this charter here in strasbourg , in conditions worthy of it , now that the work of drafting it has been completed .
in my view , this would have been a powerful , symbolic act for our institution , and i think it is a pity .
madam president , as chairman of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism and as a greek member of parliament , i wish to raise the subject of the sinking of the express samina last tuesday .
so far there are 79 dead and 2 unaccounted for .
this was a truly dreadful and horrific accident in which the human factor - the negligence of the crew members - appears to have played a decisive part .
nonetheless , there are serious indications that community law has been violated , especially as regards the registration of passengers and compliance with the safety standards set out in community directives and i think we should therefore start by welcoming the reaction of the european commission , which is already investigating whether or not community law was complied with .
we here in the european parliament must undertake as quickly as possible to examine the commission ' s proposals on safety standards at sea , especially the so-called erika package , which contains the commission ' s proposals on safety at sea following the accident last year involving this tanker .
i also think that we and the commission should look carefully to see if the timetable for directive 98 / 18 on safety arrangements for ferry boat passengers can be reduced , given that some of the provisions in this directive last until 2009 .
in this context , there should be no derogations for member states , such as the present derogation for greece for ferry boats over 27 years old .
i also consider that it is wrong for greece to have a derogation as regards liberalising transport by 2004 because this erodes safety standards in greece , in my own country , even further .
i think that competition can help standards to improve .
the european people ' s party has tabled a motion along these lines and i trust that all the political groups will agree to debate it , given that it concerns an extremely important matter .
it concerns the death of 80 of our fellow human beings .
before giving mr watts the floor to speak on the same subject , i would just like to inform you that directly after this dreadful disaster i did of course write to the president of the greek parliament , mr kaklamanis , in order to express , on behalf of the house , my deep sadness and our solidarity with the families of the victims .
madam president , following the tragic events of last week in the aegean , yesterday 's suspension of over 60 greek passenger ships which do not comply with eu laws is , i am sure , welcomed by the whole house .
in addition to passing on our condolences - which i am glad to note you already have - and our gratitude to all those involved in the rescues in those tragic events , could the president ask next week 's committee on regional policy , transport and tourism to investigate why 79 people had to die before these ships were banned ?
that committee needs to ask urgently why member states are ignoring eu maritime safety laws - it is not just greece .
we need to ask that committee to review why certain member states are granted lengthy opt-outs from those maritime safety laws .
madam president , thank you for the message of sympathy which you sent the speaker of the greek parliament in the wake of this unprecedented tragedy in greek waters .
it is true that there are shortcomings in the application of regulations both , national and european , and the greek government is addressing this matter with the utmost diligence .
as far as the 65 ships which have been banned from sailing are concerned , we should , i think , clarify the fact that these ships would have been banned from sailing on 1 october anyway , even if 79 people had not died .
these are two separate issues ; the imo regulations happened to expire on 1 october and , as a result , these ships were classified as unsuitable .
