resumption of the session
i declare the on thursday 21 september 2000 , resumed session of the european parliament for .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
the minutes of the meeting of thursday 21 september , have been distributed .
are there any comments ?
madam president , a comment on the minutes .
for unerfindlichem reason , my name in the attendance register .
i would ask you to correct and i would like to say also that the route finland - strasbourg today have come in only nine hours .
this is for me almost personal record in this autumn .
you are quite right , mrs thors , we will correct the minutes .
( parliament approved the minutes . )
communication of the president on the situation in the middle east
ladies and gentlemen , as you know , it is in the last few days in jerusalem and in other cities , and in the palestinian territories have come to clashes , have already claimed many victims .
even today were bombed objectives in gaza of helicopters , what the situation worse .
in view of over this new outburst of violence , i would , on behalf of the european parliament to express my deep concern and inform the families of victims , that we share their pain and misery .
at a time when the peace process in a decisive stage and real progress has been made , albeit faint , the visit by ariel sharon to the tempelberg can only be seen as a provocation .
the status of jerusalem , as the sad events of recent times show plays a key role , for peace in the middle east .
this home city for the three monotheistic religions extremely symbolic places .
with any attack is addressed to the friedenswille denied and hamper the search for a solution acceptable to all .
however , we know that there are peace-loving people on both sides , the desire to move forward .
the fact that the chairman of the palestinian legislative council , mr ahmed qurie , and mr avraham burg , the president of the knesset , were here together at our meeting in september , is further proof of this .
the openness and the ability to listen to it in jerusalem issue less likely to have shown the were a hopeful sign .
at the opening of the meeting of the european parliament , i call on the international community to do everything so that the dialogue will be resumed as soon as possible .
on the part of the european union , there were already reactions .
i hope that they stepped up its efforts , of which the european parliament will be fully involved .
i would ask you to observe a minute 's silence .
( parliament rose and observed a minute 's silence . )
madam president , firstly i would like , on behalf of the socialist group , i endorse your words and express our full agreement .
allow me now , on behalf of my group to propose that this extremely important issue of competences within the european union once again in tomorrow 's debate in connection with the summit to be raised in biarritz .
the situation in the middle east with security is one of the issues that should be raised at this summit , even if he has no official nature .
furthermore i would like to emphasise that you , madam president , true to the completely unacceptable provocation by a leader of the extreme right in israel have referred , which is already known to be extremistisches presence in the past .
i think we should represent the position to our israeli friends , that a democratic and constitutional government - as in the case of israel - not a big stick and panzerläufe must focus on stones werfende children and young people .
this is absolutely not the slightest disproportionate and promotes the peace process .
following the visit of the president of the parliaments of israel and palestine - because of your invitation , madam president , has been reached - we have sufficient moral legitimacy , in order to our partners in the middle east and you also represented at our position clear way to offer our services .
madam president , i have it in a letter on behalf of my group to a changing the agenda in connection with the question asked , which you have just raised in a dignified manner .
as mr barón has taken the floor , i propose that we address this question immediately .
i think that we as parliament can today , after a month ago , we quite rightly not silence the president of the knesset and the chairman of the palestinian legislative council invited together , in order to express that parliament is willing to work actively to the peace process .
you have the dramatic situation , there is at the moment in palestine and israel , set out with words , which i profoundly disagree with .
i understand very well , that mr prodi on tomorrow , the council , we ourselves , some of us to participate in the general debate .
it is , however , nobody will want to do this dramatic issue will be treated as one among many other important matters , so that one can talk about the charter , during the next on the french presidency and the biarritz summit expresses the danes , the third on the ' no ' in the referendum on emu and subsequently the fourth says something on the middle east .
that would be the matter does not adequately .
i therefore propose that , together with my group , that we are trying , or if necessary to another day tomorrow , this important issue as possible to devote an hour and adopt a resolution .
this should not be possible , so i propose that the topic of at least should be subject to a question in the framework of a topical and urgent debate .
in any case , i would call explicitly , such as procedure , that nobody can claim that the parliament at the end of this part-session as such is not in the spirit and in continuing its wonderful statement for the restoration of peace in israel and has spoken out in the middle east .
ladies and gentlemen , if you like , i am a kind of procedural motion .
we are still not in the examination of the agenda .
i have received of your request .
i therefore suggest that you , then , to discuss whether it is appropriate , to put this question on the agenda for tuesday .
first of all i have , however , some requests for procedural motions on which we are .
i also have some statements to you . then we will deal with the agenda .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , what is happening in the middle east , is a tragedy .
i am very grateful to you that you have addressed .
our group can endorse the substance of fully .
what the question of the treatment of this serious issue here in plenary , i think that it would be appropriate if , tomorrow , the speaker of parliament , the group chairmen or anyone who speaks for the group , the problem of the middle east in the debate with the council and the president of the commission to raise .
i do not believe that it is possible , to change the entire agenda , because we have a great many issues have to deal with this week .
i also remind you of the events in belgrade last thursday and would like to suggest that in tomorrow 's debate on biarritz , we also include the question of the peace process in the middle east .
it would be very appropriate answers to this issue .
madam president , my group is of course extremely worried about the events at the weekend in the middle east .
all of what has been proposed here , i would like to support the suggestion made by mr wurtz , in particular , to find a reasonable time , to which i - the council as the commission - i would ask that a resolution to develop .
our group supports , moreover , that parliament should submit a resolution of its own on this matter .
all have certainly worked with all the resources available to this issue on the agenda , but the suggestion of mr wurtz seems to me this time the situation as the best and most appropriate proposal .
thank you , mrs hautala , but , as i have already stated mr wurtz , you are setting our agenda in a manner .
madam president , i have a comment on the application of the rules of procedure .
your words have the feelings of all the members of this house and , in particular , a reflection of my group .
this point must be discussed , and as a separate issue , not in the context of a long list of questions , which we wish to deal with possible , before the meeting in biarritz .
my group would very much welcome it if this point would find a way , to be dealt with separately .
madam president , on 21 september this year , a farmer in the community de breakdown , it is on the extreme western margins , in my country close to the french border , one evening 45 refugees encountered on his land , including fifteen children .
these people have been received by the community and care . the strange , however , was that they claimed by the french police has been conducted on the border .
the police have taken up in calais , of calais brought to the belgian border and it then simply replaced in belgium .
this is a rather odd matter , even more than the other evidence that does not happen for the first time .
fortunately , the matter at the highest level between france and belgium , and found a way , seem to have been thrashed out to talk about it .
my surprise , however , was there when i heard of the belgians , information , i do , that not only the french , but also the dutch and german .
as i then asked whether it would do the belgians , he said , yes , and again .
i have every right , therefore , seems to have european response , namely that we bring our problem on the border to the other .
i think it is urgently necessary that we as european legislators , as the european parliament , but at least insist on a european response .
as europe has done little in the oil crisis , europe is also present in this sensitive issue , not enough .
thank you , mr sterckx , we will take this statement in the minutes .
madam president , i would like to comment on a quite different subject . as parliament knows , the convention on drafting a charter of fundamental rights of the european union recently completed its work .
parliament has very much for the successful conclusion of the work of this convention , above all , it has done its premises on several occasions available . at the opening of our plenary session here in strasbourg today , i note with regret , however , that it was not possible to carry out a dignified handover of the charter here in strasbourg is , after completion of its preparation .
i would have seen in a strong symbol of our institution , and i think that this is a pity .
madam president , as chairman of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism in the european parliament , but also as a greek member i would like to express the demise of the ferry express samina sank last tuesday .
so far to complain , 79 deaths and 2 are missing .
it is a really ungeheuerliches and appalling disaster . obviously , the human factor - the negligence of the crew members - has played a decisive role .
however , there are very serious signs of a violation of community law , particularly as regards the registration of passengers and compliance with the safety standards laid down in the community directives . we should therefore first of all welcome the response of the european commission , the already examined whether the community law has been complied with .
we should commit ourselves once again , as the european parliament as quickly as possible on the proposals the commission to examine the rules on safety at sea . this applies especially to the so-called erika package , which the commission proposals for the maritime safety in the form contains prepared for the envisaged in the last year .
and , of course , i believe that we , together with the commission should also examine whether , in particular the timetable of directive 98 / 18 on the safety of passengers on ferries , as in this directive can be reduced in some cases deadlines are planned by the year 2009 .
there must be no exceptions for member states in this context , as is currently the case in greece for ferries , are more than 27 years old .
moreover , the derogation for greece by the year 2004 with regard to the liberalisation of transport services in my view , not appropriate , since the standards in this country , which also happens to be my country is , in order to further eroded .
i believe that competition can contribute to a tightening of safety standards .
the group of the european people 's party has tabled a resolution to this effect , and i think that all groups will agree that we are discussing this extremely serious matter .
it is about the death of 80 of our fellow human beings .
before i give the floor to mr watts on the same issue , i would like to inform you only that after this terrible disaster , i of course of the greek president of parliament , mr kaklamanis , have written to him on their behalf my deep sadness and to show our solidarity with the families of victims .
madam president , after the tragic events of last week in the aegean sea , the außerdienstnahme yesterday of more than 60 sailing greek ships that do not correspond to the eu legislation , are certainly welcomed by all the members of this house .
beyond the expression of our sympathy , and i note with satisfaction that this has already been done - and , in addition to our thanks to those who were involved in these tragic events in the rescue operations , could the president of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism in the next week to investigate why only 79 people had to die before these vessels have been withdrawn from the transport ?
the committee must immediately to ask why member states ignore eu legislation on maritime safety - and it is not just greece .
we must ask the committee to investigate why certain member states überlange deadlines for the failure to be given legislation on maritime safety .
madam president , i thank you very much for the sympathy that to the president of the greek parliament by this unprecedented tragedy that has taken place in the greek waters , have expressed .
it is a fact that it has in the implementation of the national regulations such as the european shortcomings , and the greek government has adopted this issue with the greatest possible care .
as regards the 65 ships , which was banned any further journey , in my opinion should be clarified that the operation of these vessels would have been banned in any case on 1 october , regardless of the fact that 79 people have died .
these two things have nothing to do with each other , because the imo-verordnungen see a deadline , also on 1 october , and of these ships to be seeuntauglich .
